Tim Sackton: And let's get some
Tim Sackton: music.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So we will begin
Tim Sackton: on vendor charna.
Tim Sackton: Just past dawn, the ship hovering over.
Tim Sackton: But see
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: orkish city of Uzbekar. In the desert
Tim Sackton: you can still see below you the
Tim Sackton: the ruined walls, the
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: pieces of the city, the buildings that were destroyed and and crushed when
Tim Sackton: the massive
Tim Sackton: trebuchet was firing boulders, until
Tim Sackton: bolder hero!
Tim Sackton: Or stop that
Tim Sackton: most epic roles in this entire campaign.
Eric Rosenbaum: True. That was crazy.
Tim Sackton: But it's it's
Tim Sackton: it's early morning. The sun has just risen.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of activity down below
Tim Sackton: in this not yet super hot part of the day.
Tim Sackton: The city seems vibrant and alive, you can see, you know, Oryx running around, repairing the walls.
Tim Sackton: looking, you know, people looking up and waving at you. They recognize the ship.
Tim Sackton: Nobody seems too surprised to see you, so you guessed
Tim Sackton: the fall dress of somebody beyond
Tim Sackton: Orcs that the ship was coming.
Tim Sackton: You might have even warned them that you were coming when you sent out a bunch of messages about your
Tim Sackton: don't trust anybody because you have double gamers
Tim Sackton: before you left for
Tim Sackton: the Peninsula.
Tim Sackton: You still can see now the dripping, wet body of.
Tim Sackton: and Murphy for me.
Tim Sackton: Warlock, you just killed some seconds ago.
Tim Sackton: lying wrapped in a cloak
Tim Sackton: on the
Tim Sackton: a venture, Saharan.
Tim Sackton: the 2 halflings.
Tim Sackton: Milo, until he
Tim Sackton: are standing looking around in some
Tim Sackton: curiosity and a bit of surprise as they just watched their
Tim Sackton: shark transformed crew dive into the river below.
Tim Sackton: And you see, Tilly, give Milo a quick look,
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: whisper to him.
Tim Sackton: I must check on the crew. Find out what's going on, is my love. And then she turns into a seagull and dives into the water, following the crew
Tim Sackton: to make sure that the
Tim Sackton: shark halflings are okay in swimming in the river below and
Tim Sackton: warn anybody not to
Tim Sackton: hurt them until they can be transformed back.
Tim Sackton: You see.
Tim Sackton: Now, as
Tim Sackton: on vendors on the deck of vendors arena here
Tim Sackton: I'm standing sort of in the
Tim Sackton: the open area around the the growing tree.
Tim Sackton: Faldrick limping on his silver cane, as he usually does, walking as quickly as he can in your direction.
Tim Sackton: The dwarf Kathra emerging
Tim Sackton: armor and an app.
Tim Sackton: an Amal also from the decks below, prepared to fight.
Tim Sackton: and as you approach
Tim Sackton: this this fight! Your your attack on the
Tim Sackton: on Brewly, you know, was over in
Tim Sackton: seconds. With Dell withdrawing his sword and and attacking
Tim Sackton: this warlock in his vulnerable position.
Tim Sackton: and Frederick is just running, is now limping
Tim Sackton: quickly towards you, looking somewhat sombre, lifting his silver cane, pointing it at Seeker as he runs yelling
Tim Sackton: the passcode dwarf quickly, before I shoot.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are you talking about?
Tim Sackton: Who are.
Kate Sackton: Go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Tim Sackton: You would have made something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, did! I thought we had, but I just don't remember.
Tim Sackton: I don't remember what it is, either. You had made something.
Tim Sackton: It was some like you came up with some phrase that nobody would know about
Tim Sackton: what you did in the battle of the battle against the vampire, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Kate Sackton: No, no chasing sky pirates, was that your.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, it was. I made an image of this, the
Eric Rosenbaum: vampire and troll slow dance.
Tim Sackton: Right!
Eric Rosenbaum: The slow dancing vampire and troll, or was it dancing troll slow dance with the vampire? Something like that?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's us man.
Tim Sackton: You so he he looks.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: somewhat reassured, looking across at all of you
Tim Sackton: somewhat surprised. And you see then also the the
Tim Sackton: other crew, newscar and pioneer, slowly emerging.
Tim Sackton: no sign as of yet of
Tim Sackton: the Denorca Yota who you picked up in the north, or
Tim Sackton: I go the other Orc sister
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Fodrick, as he sort of approaches you then, is like looking. Everybody's looking a bit shocked to see back
Tim Sackton: And and looking at everybody like
Tim Sackton: Katharra and Amel look nervous and
Tim Sackton: somewhat. Everybody, all of your crew seems somewhat more less innocent than they were when you last saw them before they went off on all their side quests of their own, and then somehow managed to get the ship here.
Tim Sackton: And as the scene unfolds, why don't briefly.
Tim Sackton: you all describe your characters in this moment, having just emerged from the plane of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoopi! Wet right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think you would probably be wet.
Tim Sackton: Death.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember
Eric Rosenbaum: the most recent like what exactly just happened just before we
Eric Rosenbaum: we were in the middle of waiting.
Tim Sackton: Battle. We're in the middle of battle.
Tim Sackton: Be.
Mike Sackton: We we left.
Kate Sackton: So us all trapped in the grabby tangent tentacles and.
Tim Sackton: And then you summon the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very tired.
Tim Sackton: Bridge, and fled with the conk
Tim Sackton: right in the beginning.
Kate Sackton: When we got.
Tim Sackton: Always killed the word lock, and was immediately as soon as you came on the bridge.
Tim Sackton: so that way.
Kate Sackton: There was also the ice turret
Kate Sackton: shooting out. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Also the ice, turret.
Kate Sackton: Wasn't just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's like
Eric Rosenbaum: thousands of
Eric Rosenbaum: magical ice shards all over the deck, too.
Tim Sackton: Me.
Tim Sackton: So let's see.
Tim Sackton: let's go back to me first.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think almost instantly, while these glamored armor shifts back to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sort of Dunmarie desert clothes that he started in so long ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he whistles a loud whistle. Then Baxter runs over with with lots of appreciation to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the catch up together.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is still
Mike Sackton: standing over Berule, having just slain him. But
Mike Sackton: is sort of
Mike Sackton: exiting the kind of battle energy.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: is probably putting, you know.
Mike Sackton: looking at Brewly, putting his sword away, sort of taking his shield and swinging it over his back, kind of unwinding from the
Mike Sackton: chaos. And it was an intense battle that that kinda hasn't really noticed that we're here at some level right like. Still, kinda looking around in the
Mike Sackton: battle
Mike Sackton: mode, taking a few deep breaths and be like, Oh, hey! Look this Vinda Sharna! Nice to be back.
Mike Sackton: but also probably interested in
Mike Sackton: looking at Baruli. What's the deal with this body. I'm standing over.
Kate Sackton: Brisbane was
Kate Sackton: not
Kate Sackton: in the heart of the battle, is she? Never, you know.
Kate Sackton: as much able to get in range for things as she wanted to, but when she got.
Kate Sackton: when everyone transported back over the bridge, she was immediately in the like, rescue the halflings from, you know their breathing problems.
Kate Sackton: readjust the surroundings mentality. So she's still sort of taking stock of everyone. She makes eye contact with Tephra, and
Kate Sackton: is wondering
Kate Sackton: a little bit about the communication between Faldrick and Kathara that
Kate Sackton: they weren't planning for us to come through from a plane of water. Maybe I don't know. She's anyway, she's trying to sort of assess everybody from the crew, and and connect in the in the new place to
Kate Sackton: pedal things down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker shuffles over to the rail, kicking shards of
Eric Rosenbaum: magical icicle, turret
Eric Rosenbaum: projectiles, and
Eric Rosenbaum: clamps a hand onto the railing.
Eric Rosenbaum: comforted by the validity of stone, though we are floating high above the city.
Tim Sackton: That high. Actually, you're pretty low down to the city. You can.
Tim Sackton: None of your crew have particularly, you know, easy access to magical flight, and so they docked just about at the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Tim Sackton: And he can.
Tim Sackton: They can, you know, toss a ladder down without too much.
Eric Rosenbaum: A real player.
Eric Rosenbaum: speaker sort of thoughtfully.
Eric Rosenbaum: peers over the edge, pats the side, and then
Eric Rosenbaum: shakes his head a little bit and starts to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try to wring his beard out, squeezing as much water out as possible, and he's like
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to fix his hair, and then
Eric Rosenbaum: all of a sudden sweeps off his
Eric Rosenbaum: dull and red cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: balls it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: tries to bring it out over the edge
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of turns back to
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: basingstone
Eric Rosenbaum: control area and
Eric Rosenbaum: shuffles over to make sure things are okay. There.
Tim Sackton: as everybody's kind of getting settled and and deal with is looking down at them
Tim Sackton: at Burley's body. Faldrick is kind of.
Tim Sackton: you know, as he does like shuffling, wimpling, a bit, walking with seeker
Tim Sackton: Gowa sort of glancing down at the body.
Tim Sackton: getting a better look at at Baruli. Now. You can see that. So he's wearing this cloak made of some kind of billowing
Tim Sackton: calprons woven into fabric. That sort of seems to wrap around him almost protectively.
Tim Sackton: He has one of these amulets of Gazanco as well, much more elaborate than
Tim Sackton: any of the others that you've seen made of ivory and gold with these like squid tentacles, kind of moving out in a circle and then decorating with sapphires.
Tim Sackton: Definitely a.
Tim Sackton: you know. Somebody spent a lot of time and effort, crafting.
Kate Sackton: Let's put that in a lead box in a extensional portal.
Kate Sackton: Barcelona.
Tim Sackton: He's also wearing like a silver circlet around his head.
Tim Sackton: That almost looks like tentacles encircling his head, decorated with these black, small, black sort of smoky, obsidian opal gems.
Tim Sackton: as well as a ring, strange, shadowy thing that looks like currents of the ocean depths in solid form, solidified around his finger, and 3 silver armbands, each finely worked and decorated with pearls.
Tim Sackton: doesn't seem to be carrying anything. No pouches or anything else like that.
Mike Sackton: Are these all magic.
Tim Sackton: The cloak, the circlet, and the ring are magic.
Mike Sackton: The armband is just.
Tim Sackton: And and then
Tim Sackton: amulet are just art objects.
Kate Sackton: 1st one roll.
Kate Sackton: take some ritual time to identify them at some point.
Tim Sackton: Baldric is like walking over with Seeker at this point as well's catching up with Baxter and Riswin's catching up with
Tim Sackton: Catherine. Kenza is catching up with Amwell.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to tell you this seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was Chinese.
Tim Sackton: In you.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what.
Tim Sackton: Wasn't.
Tim Sackton: It wasn't good 2 days ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Found out.
Tim Sackton: Play that ends
Tim Sackton: you appeared like in a flash
Tim Sackton: for my own
Tim Sackton: teleport.
Tim Sackton: shouting about it. All went wrong, and
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Delworth were trapped by Fausto, and we had to get to Chardon as quickly as we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amen!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: I knew my duty.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Something seemed
Tim Sackton: well to be honest, it seemed
Tim Sackton: plausible. But
Tim Sackton: you didn't know the pass code.
Eric Rosenbaum: My goodness.
Tim Sackton: And when I
Tim Sackton: asked.
Tim Sackton: you turned on us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: That's bad seeker.
Tim Sackton: It was real bad.
Tim Sackton: I don't know in the end, really, how we beat you. Yoto was on watch with me, and I,
Tim Sackton: running to get the icicle, turned up as fast as I could, but this
Tim Sackton: shimmering rune flew out of your hand and
Tim Sackton: crashed into her mind somehow, and
Tim Sackton: she screamed and stood dazed as a ladder swooped up from the side of the ship and attacked her.
Tim Sackton: and then everybody was running to try and do something.
Tim Sackton: Ogil tried to hold the ladder down and keep it occupied somehow, and Amol and Catherine ran for you attacking, but you just
Tim Sackton: kept blasting these runes, and
Tim Sackton: then
Tim Sackton: Yota's standing dazed and oggled, tangled, tangled in the rat ladder, and suddenly the
Tim Sackton: deck of the ship erupted in this
Tim Sackton: blast of rock and stone just
Tim Sackton: erupting from the earth and bludgeoning them. And
Tim Sackton: I couldn't see what happened next, because I
Tim Sackton: got to the control room and I I started shooting icicles at you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: They hurt? I think you staggered back.
Tim Sackton: I got another
Tim Sackton: round off, and then
Tim Sackton: heard
Tim Sackton: my name somehow shouted as a
Tim Sackton: curse in this room found me.
Tim Sackton: and it slammed into me, and I was stunned. I don't know for how long, maybe only a few seconds.
Tim Sackton: maybe longer.
Tim Sackton: I think that almost killed me. That one hit.
Tim Sackton: and when I
Tim Sackton: came back out came to it was quiet. I stumbled out. Yota and Aguilar lying
Tim Sackton: twisted in the
Tim Sackton: middle of the rubble not moving.
Tim Sackton: Katharra looked like she'd been struck by some massive rock launched from some magical catapult straight in the chest, and
Tim Sackton: Mama was standing over her yelling for help
Tim Sackton: can't really run anymore. And
Tim Sackton: we're not well stocked on. Healing.
Tim Sackton: Had one potion, and
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cuddle.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did you destroy this false speaker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Think it must have been Kathar Amal. I didn't see the icicle without the icicle turret. We would all be dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: D.
Tim Sackton: But that thing shoots a lot of icicles.
Tim Sackton: It's good in her.
Tim Sackton: Even your doppelganger form is not good at dodging things.
Eric Rosenbaum: This confirms our suspicion that these
Eric Rosenbaum: doubles retain all of the abilities
Eric Rosenbaum: of the original, which is frightening because we've become quite powerful. It sounds like this
Eric Rosenbaum: other seeker could cast all my spells, even to the point of animating the ladder which
Eric Rosenbaum: we can. Just we just have to hope we don't encounter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll party
Eric Rosenbaum: facing us.
Mike Sackton: What became of this creature.
Tim Sackton: When I came out it was gone.
Mike Sackton: We should get everybody together and talk about this.
Mike Sackton: There must be some
Mike Sackton: fears, too.
Tim Sackton: He. He seems like struggling slightly
Tim Sackton: we should ask Katherine and an Amal
Tim Sackton: Yoten
Tim Sackton: our goal.
Tim Sackton: They they didn't make it.
Eric Rosenbaum: They were killed.
Tim Sackton: You. You killed them seeker.
Tim Sackton: I'm not you.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was not me. That is terrible news.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Kate Sackton: But we need to prepare better.
Kate Sackton: Shouldn't have left you with so few resources.
Kate Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: We're not. We're not weak. We've been around the block.
Tim Sackton: Pethra and
Tim Sackton: Amolar getting stronger by the day.
Tim Sackton: Yoto was strong, too, but
Tim Sackton: you are very strong.
Tim Sackton: Think you've surpassed almost anything I've seen.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what we could have done differently.
Tim Sackton: Get to the High School sooner
Tim Sackton: this point everybody's sort of gathered together and.
Mike Sackton: What about the the Alf.
Tim Sackton: So newscar. And
Tim Sackton: I I get.
Mike Sackton: Gear.
Tim Sackton: I gear are not competence at all. They hit.
Mike Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: They are coming back up now
Tim Sackton: from below, as everybody's sort of gathering and and
Tim Sackton: and mourning and talking. It's realizing that you're back. Now they were
Tim Sackton: resting, or sleeping, or below. Dax.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. The ones that died were yot who was a denachi.
Mike Sackton: And I'll go one of the Orcs.
Tim Sackton: One of the 2 arcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, not amal amo. Okay. Got it?
Kate Sackton: Between New York sisters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Eric Rosenbaum: I try to understand better this threat.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many of these simulacra are abroad still
Eric Rosenbaum: were the ones that were seen and charred and destroyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the story, wasn't it? They were captured.
Tim Sackton: Story was, they were executed.
Tim Sackton: but but.
Mike Sackton: Seems unlikely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: a strange thing about
Eric Rosenbaum: them
Eric Rosenbaum: if they work according to
Eric Rosenbaum: my knowledge of simulacra, is that the spillcasters among them cannot
Eric Rosenbaum: regain their spell sloth.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it may be that this attack by seeker was
Eric Rosenbaum: sorry it's attack by the
Eric Rosenbaum: we need a better language for this. The other.
Mike Sackton: Gay hair.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, the secret double
Eric Rosenbaum: was a kind of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: single all-out attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: based on the description of all of the spells. He just burned everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can expect that.
Kate Sackton: He can hope that.
Tim Sackton: I'm I'm also kind of looking nervous, and a bit of his like joyful
Tim Sackton: cheer is gone.
Tim Sackton: But Buddy says
Tim Sackton: I don't know if this is
Tim Sackton: useful to you.
Tim Sackton: It was just me left standing. I
Tim Sackton: faudric, had run into the
Tim Sackton: control room and and was firing the icicles and
Tim Sackton: bad
Tim Sackton: Yota and Agul were down, tangled with the ladder and caught in this rubble, and then seeker you.
Tim Sackton: It's just launched
Tim Sackton: one of the stone benches just
Tim Sackton: across the field smashing into Kathra and I.
Tim Sackton: I froze for a moment. I didn't know what to do. But I
Tim Sackton: you weren't paying attention to me, and even though she was screaming for help. I
Tim Sackton: focused on what Kenzo has taught me, and I
Tim Sackton: punched you.
Tim Sackton: and it was strange, because
Tim Sackton: after the 1st couple of hits. You staggered back, and you
Tim Sackton: you were leaning and panting, and it looked like you were
Tim Sackton: at least about to fall unconscious. But on that 3rd
Tim Sackton: punch. Your body just vanished.
Tim Sackton: just gone
Tim Sackton: like it was
Tim Sackton: whisked away by some magical cord.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who does that
Eric Rosenbaum: indicate anything
Eric Rosenbaum: to me, is it? I mean, it's the same as my.
Eric Rosenbaum: A similar acron spell.
Tim Sackton: So why don't you make.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, because the
Eric Rosenbaum: destruction of that type of stimulacrum basically makes it melt.
Tim Sackton: Would turn into a pile of snow.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's something somewhat different.
Mike Sackton: Also, you can only have one of them at a time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good point.
Mike Sackton: Not the similar.
Tim Sackton: Seeker Mikey, go ahead and make an archive check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Thanks. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He also says.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait! I have to open roles. Funny, sorry!
Tim Sackton: I actually don't have Volt 20 open, but you can just roll and DND beyond. We don't need the map.
Tim Sackton: Although possibly at 1 point you might care about the map. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it.
Kate Sackton: And wondering about the map.
Kate Sackton: so funny with sucking up.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Underwater, throne room.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let me move you back to the actual
Tim Sackton: world. Map on wall 20,
Tim Sackton: a 31, you said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: The other thing that Amal says.
Tim Sackton: the other. The other strange thing, seeker. Maybe
Tim Sackton: this is not.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what to make of this. But maybe you do. Maybe you can say something about this.
Tim Sackton: Didn't, or your clone. Your double didn't bleed
Tim Sackton: when I
Tim Sackton: there was just
Tim Sackton: dust or sand
Tim Sackton: on my fists
Tim Sackton: and pooling around your feet from where the icicles hit
Tim Sackton: was just little trails of what looked like
Tim Sackton: ground up stone.
Tim Sackton: It was very strange, but and he he takes out this file.
Tim Sackton: I saved it. I if it's helpful to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, thank you. Good morning.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you can learn that.
Eric Rosenbaum: In a way, the most important thing we've learned is that
Eric Rosenbaum: while these
Eric Rosenbaum: stimulacra
Eric Rosenbaum: know of our party's abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: they don't seem too wary about what everyone else on the ship can do, and that makes
Eric Rosenbaum: the cruise. Capability. Is that much more important.
Mike Sackton: Do we know? It's aware of our, I mean, and presumably they know our abilities because they can copy them, although.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We don't know how well they can copy them, and exactly how they can copy them right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, he described casting all of my attack spells basically.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But I wonder if
Mike Sackton: Rizwan Simakrim can really summon divine magic from the dwarven gods? That seems unlikely. Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair question.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we could have a little conversation, the gods and I about this thing. You know, I'm allowed to ask questions.
Mike Sackton: How I'm gonna you know what I'm gonna ask. I'm gonna ask my patron a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Mike Sackton: Is anybody else?
Tim Sackton: Let me tell Seeker the other thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Tell, like the other thing seeker
Tim Sackton: recognizes. So
Tim Sackton: this is clearly somehow related to your simulacrum magic. But it's obviously not the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. The.
Tim Sackton: The teleportation actually, like the way that Amel described it.
Tim Sackton: You're aware of this of this magic
Tim Sackton: contingent, basically contingency magic
Tim Sackton: that lets a magical effect be
Tim Sackton: triggered by something else happening.
Tim Sackton: something like teleport triggered by
Tim Sackton: being at, you know, being near death or something like that. It didn't from from Omaha's description. It didn't seem like it was anything that's the seeker. Clone did
Tim Sackton: just happened to the body.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it was snatched back.
Tim Sackton: I snatched back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Teleport
Eric Rosenbaum: being triggered. Okay, that's interesting.
Tim Sackton: Now, if this works anything like
Tim Sackton: that's Macrum. So, Macrom, that you're familiar with
Tim Sackton: creatures do not heal and recover resources naturally, which doesn't mean that they can't do those things also the sort of contingency
Tim Sackton: that you're aware of only triggers once.
Tim Sackton: and the other thing, although
Tim Sackton: nobody noticed anything in particular and and seeker, was dressed
Tim Sackton: by their description in the same way that you typically dress, wearing the toll and cloak, and with your beard and
Tim Sackton: with your, you know your glove and everything. Although
Tim Sackton: glove didn't seem to do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a key point.
Eric Rosenbaum: The items aren't carried across just abilities.
Tim Sackton: The thing about this contingency spell. If this is what's going on, there's always some locus of the magic that has to be on the target's person for the spell to take effect.
Tim Sackton: So there's something that something the spell has to be cast into that's like a material component that has to stay on the person's
Tim Sackton: body.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: is it possible to restore spell slots?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is that not possible.
Tim Sackton: I mean the normal SIM Rackum can't restore spell slots. This is clearly not a normal SIM Rack.
Eric Rosenbaum: But maybe yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I think possibly the implication here is that
Mike Sackton: the coffins, or whatever
Mike Sackton: strange thing
Mike Sackton: Polyon is using to create us, could rest. I mean, Simocrum can restore health.
Tim Sackton: Right. It just. It's not by normal rest, right? Things cannot restore resources.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. But if they have a contingency to teleport back to a poly on whenever they get too badly hurt
Mike Sackton: right then
Mike Sackton: there, and that he fixes them up with his little screwdrivers and hammers and things.
Mike Sackton: M.
Mike Sackton: And sends them back out again.
Mike Sackton: They're hard to defeat unless you take out the
Mike Sackton: contingency item
Mike Sackton: right to prevent them from going back to a polyon.
Kate Sackton: We have to remove the leashes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look closely at the dust and sniff it.
Tim Sackton: What it looks like to you
Tim Sackton: is actually ground up masonry.
Tim Sackton: It's not. This isn't like this isn't dust. It's like finely powdered stone.
Tim Sackton: But it looks. This is not soil, it's not, and it's not
Tim Sackton: natural erosion. It's like
Tim Sackton: cause. It's all like a very even. I mean, it could be natural
Tim Sackton: where, somehow, like
Tim Sackton: you're not. I don't know. You're not clear exactly
Tim Sackton: what, but it's like a very fine powder of
Tim Sackton: ground up stone.
Tim Sackton: It looks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uniform.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: See!
Tim Sackton: Fine. It's like 2.
Tim Sackton: It it looks, too, even and and sort of almost unnatural right like. If it was naturally worn, it would be
Tim Sackton: different. Grain sizes and be like different things.
Tim Sackton: Things like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Mike, did Dalwith want to ask.
Tim Sackton: Is Ollie something.
Mike Sackton: yeah, is.
Mike Sackton: is there is the fake second deal with somehow drawing on
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: Swati's power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: do you have an imposter.
Mike Sackton: Or have you not thought of the answer to that? It's not urgent to answer.
Tim Sackton: Yes or no question, but I don't want it to be misleading.
Tim Sackton: Not exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not comforting, though
Eric Rosenbaum: a clear note would be comforting.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm gonna ask the horizell with Commune.
Kate Sackton: does
Kate Sackton: the copy of myself wandering this land
Kate Sackton: have the ability to call your blessings.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Neither. Those mean they can't cast spells.
Kate Sackton: You're Mega.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did they get to the ship? How did this
Eric Rosenbaum: other seeker get to the ship? How did they find us? Where was the ship? When this happened.
Kate Sackton: With the plague lens, he said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over the platform.
Tim Sackton: Faldrk is is like.
Tim Sackton: It was
Tim Sackton: 2 days ago. We were
Tim Sackton: 300, some miles out.
Tim Sackton: just over the play, glands flying high.
Tim Sackton: but it seemed like you teleported.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we don't have scribe protection on the entire Vendorsharna.
Kate Sackton: They probably know what it looks like to be on our bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: do it?
Mike Sackton: Do we have scribe protection on any of Venturesharna? I don't think we do right.
Tim Sackton: They don't have scribe protection on any of vendors. Arena, but.
Mike Sackton: You wouldn't even need scribe protection right like Speaker, could teleport to Vintosharna wherever it is.
Tim Sackton: They need a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess the pitch.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise it would be very difficult, but.
Mike Sackton: You need an image.
Eric Rosenbaum: E.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, no cause seeker has memories of industry.
Mike Sackton: They know our memories.
Mike Sackton: then.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if? What if we exhaustively
Eric Rosenbaum: remodel
Eric Rosenbaum: nothing about it looks the same.
Kate Sackton: Fun project for for a few days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is.
Kate Sackton: Because we have nothing else to do. There's no.
Mike Sackton: Non slate on it.
Kate Sackton: Anything.
Mike Sackton: Sane idea.
Mike Sackton: right? Like, that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Repaint rearrange
Eric Rosenbaum: redesign
Eric Rosenbaum: new Tree.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Go ahead. Were you about to say something
Tim Sackton: while while you're sort of talking, Kather has been sort of standing next to Riswin, and then
Tim Sackton: looks looks up at you. And
Tim Sackton: is there anything
Tim Sackton: you can do
Tim Sackton: about Yota and her goal? I've
Tim Sackton: heard stories.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, wait. Can you bring them back from the dead?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I I feel.
Tim Sackton: Faldrick
Tim Sackton: ran to me. I guess I was closest, but
Tim Sackton: they shouldn't have died.
Kate Sackton: Thank you for mentioning that Kathra.
Tim Sackton: Is it so? There is something you you can do.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the story is of you
Tim Sackton: would say you can do anything but.
Kate Sackton: Well, the Bahara Zell can do anything. I'm just there.
Kate Sackton: actor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But they could
Tim Sackton: bring them back.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, let's not contact the families quite yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Breath.
Kate Sackton: I assume that we have a couple really nice diamonds still in our
Kate Sackton: inventory.
Tim Sackton: I think you've got a few on your character sheet right.
Kate Sackton: Really nice diamonds listed in my inventory.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I've got some
Kate Sackton: ball bearings
Kate Sackton: at me.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you've got 2 diamonds.
Kate Sackton: Okay, those diamonds quote
Kate Sackton: custom are the nice kind.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Okay, then. Yes.
Kate Sackton: I just happened to be carrying 2 diamonds.
Tim Sackton: I think at 1 point you like in Tolan or somewhere, you stocked up on a bunch of
Tim Sackton: gems for
Tim Sackton: all of you that you need the like heroes feast and
Tim Sackton: greater restoration, and
Tim Sackton: raised dead, and all of those things.
Mike Sackton: Don't you have some
Mike Sackton: ability from the Vindhasharna to
Mike Sackton: do one
Mike Sackton: thing without a material component?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Well, I'm going to 1st have to take a long rest and then
Kate Sackton: spend
Kate Sackton: the next 2 days like taking care of these folks that we need to have rejoin our group. But I can only do one resurrection a day.
Kate Sackton: and I've already
Kate Sackton: done that level of magic today coming out of that battle.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Series of battles.
Tim Sackton: you can. So I it's been 8 days
Tim Sackton: so they could have prepared one for you so you could have one.
Tim Sackton: You can have one free raised dead.
Mike Sackton: Seems useful.
Tim Sackton: Talesman that
Tim Sackton: Catherine would have prepared in the
Tim Sackton: shrine of the Barrazel.
Kate Sackton: It's a
Kate Sackton: removes the material component.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Ritual thing token. Okay? So
Kate Sackton: one fewer diamond to spend. But I still need the spell. Slots.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Off Boston. You need to change your prepared spells and all of that. Yes.
Kate Sackton: I think they still have that prepared. I just
Kate Sackton: come.
Kate Sackton: Don't have a 7th well, 1st Level, I have resurrect.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, you don't want to use the 7th level spell, because that's way more expensive. You want to use the 5th Level spell.
Tim Sackton: 5th level, the.
Kate Sackton: Greater restoration.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Great Dad!
Kate Sackton: Oh, that I don't have prepared!
Kate Sackton: I only have. Resurrection
Kate Sackton: didn't realize there was raised dead, and resurrection forgot about raised dead, because I don't have it prepared. You're right.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: currently early morning you've been talking to.
Tim Sackton: I can.
Kate Sackton: Do that.
Tim Sackton: Catherine and Faldrick at the moment. The non combatants have sort of, you know, stayed away. They didn't see anything.
Kate Sackton: Are you allowed to? Can I prepare spells in the short rest, or does it have to be overnight? It's a long rest thing.
Kate Sackton: because they still have this little slot.
Mike Sackton: We can
Mike Sackton: take a long rest.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we can. We can. We can spread the good news that we can.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it was raised. That is what 7 days, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: 10 days.
Mike Sackton: So we have time.
Mike Sackton: Right? I mean, we need to. We need to
Mike Sackton: make play. I mean, we don't have a day to waste, but.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: It should be 2 days before we have any like massive need to be
Mike Sackton: somewhere right? So.
Kate Sackton: Or if we're if we make a plan to be heading somewhere, we'll be heading somewhere on Vintoshara and.
Mike Sackton: Exactly. Yeah, yeah, that's.
Kate Sackton: Can be in residence, resurrecting for a couple days correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Polyanis, still in prison, for like what? Like a month so.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Like, 18 days.
Tim Sackton: 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: I heard it was 2 months. Actually, we got plenty of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: is there any benefit to seeker using the observatory on minestrone, and to do contact other plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything we need to ask
Eric Rosenbaum: anybody on the plane of water about now that we've left that situation behind?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not really, I guess.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we've sort of asked people about our about seeker. I don't know if there's more to learn.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it would be good to spend some time just kind of
Mike Sackton: showing everybody that we're back and
Mike Sackton: warning them about the fact that there's other
Mike Sackton: doppelgangers of each of us, and
Mike Sackton: spreading around some praise at how well they did. Baldrick really came through for us.
Mike Sackton: You gotta, you know, build a mobile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Mike Sackton: That's true. That was.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was.
Mike Sackton: Pretty good on his part, like he really deserves the pilot title we should like do all separate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make them the.
Mike Sackton: Pilot have been just, you know.
Mike Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Person. You're right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's great, too, because then, by making him the pilot, we can make him, not the captain.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: He. He couldn't be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Day. Isn't
Eric Rosenbaum: the High Commander for skyship, defense, or something like a really regal title?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it boils down to pilot. That's a good title, right? Like he's he's he's the pilot. That's that's a real thing, right? Like good job right? Like we should do a little of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the.
Mike Sackton: You know, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deputy power. He's.
Mike Sackton: Happy to Buddy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's really a lateral move. But the title really just.
Mike Sackton: He's co-pilot
Mike Sackton: copilot. He's he's the junior pilot.
Mike Sackton: But the senior junior pilot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Distinction.
Kate Sackton: What's up?
Eric Rosenbaum: Owners
Eric Rosenbaum: hit the.
Mike Sackton: The heroic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: And well regarded.
Kate Sackton: The junior pilot.
Tim Sackton: So basically, you're you're gonna spend the rest of the day kind of.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, the very 1st thing we need to do is figure out what the hell we're doing next and get moving in the right direction.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Once we're moving in the right direction. Right? Then we spend the rest of the day identifying items.
Mike Sackton: building up the morale of our crew, you know.
Mike Sackton: Everybody fought well.
Kate Sackton: Can we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next overnight. I think it might create some confusion potentially, but could also be very helpful to have a similar acrim seeker.
Tim Sackton: An act to keep in our pockets. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right
Eric Rosenbaum: one that we control.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Tell us.
Kate Sackton: More, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little differently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just thinking about everybody's safety, right? And
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: it would it would. It effectively
Eric Rosenbaum: doubles my
Eric Rosenbaum: spellcasting force.
Eric Rosenbaum: at least
Eric Rosenbaum: for for one major encounter.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can. I can make us and not come like the one that attacked the ship, but that we control
Eric Rosenbaum: in the event that we get attacked.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, for instance, if the double deal with suddenly appears on deck the way the seeker did, although I suppose that wouldn't occur, because the teleportation is likely. Something that was.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: By that secret double itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't know that before.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we're not in danger of them just randomly showing up, unless that.
Mike Sackton: And West seeker cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Prime
Eric Rosenbaum: appears again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just want there to be a situation where there's 3 seekers. That's my goal.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's not like a crazy thing to
Mike Sackton: have another seeker around. But I wonder if that was the right? I mean.
Mike Sackton: I guess it takes you a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: It takes 12 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's multiple.
Mike Sackton: Last forever. It.
Eric Rosenbaum: It lasts indefinitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so then the question is.
Eric Rosenbaum: are we gonna want some other simulacrum?
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, and just
Eric Rosenbaum: like should I make a deal with instead?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's harder for me to know what to do with it. But
Eric Rosenbaum: we've learned so much about each other in the process.
Mike Sackton: Who's the most useful to have 2 of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it's Kenzo, because it could go close in. And just
Eric Rosenbaum: for a lot of punches
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: the the secret double almost took down the ship, so.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's more
Mike Sackton: the advantage of a deal with Arkenzo, especially a Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: I believe you probably don't get that key either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Tim Sackton: No, you basically don't. It's you don't. Similar, doesn't regain resources. You use resources, and they go away. It never regains anything.
Tim Sackton: See.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's gotta have some limitations. I mean.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is probably the most
Mike Sackton: dangerous
Mike Sackton: unresort. Well, maybe well be. But.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is quite dangerous on resources. He doesn't. Rogues don't use resources. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting. Imagine having 2 bows.
Mike Sackton: 2 sneak attacks is good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Able to guard the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ship I mean.
Tim Sackton: But it doesn't create. It doesn't duplicate items.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So most of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like learns about the locket.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like most, we could make our own fake locket on fake well-being.
Mike Sackton: You could also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, the workshop.
Mike Sackton: Create an item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do that.
Mike Sackton: Like
Mike Sackton: terror.
Mike Sackton: You could
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So so it's an illusion. So there's there is a thing that looks like the locking view.
Tim Sackton: Sneaker can shape that out of snow, but it doesn't actually do anything, and you wouldn't have a magic weapon unless you got an actual magic weapon and gave it to right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any extra magical bows?
Kate Sackton: Could make a magical bow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can just make a magical boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
Kate Sackton: Brief period of time.
Mike Sackton: How long? Is brief?
Kate Sackton: I forget. Let me look it up. See how long it lasts. I think I have to give up something magical.
Tim Sackton: If you give up 1 1 point of your A/C, you can make a magical bow indefinitely.
Tim Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: Why, I mean, what's the advantage of a magical bow here.
Tim Sackton: Anything that resists, not damage would be.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's 1 advantage of a deal with Duke is presumably the packed weapon. Still.
Tim Sackton: Yes, or canzo, because his fifths are magical.
Mike Sackton: Right. He just is
Mike Sackton: slightly key, dependent.
Tim Sackton: That's true. He would be very useful for one fight.
Tim Sackton: and maybe a second fight, and then would kind of run out of use.
Mike Sackton: Like if with Kenza, with no key, doesn't get 5 or 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent.
Mike Sackton: He gets to 8 ways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could also put, like the flaming bowstring on a well, be 2, or we could give scare arrows.
Tim Sackton: Are magical. Yep.
Tim Sackton: they count as magical for the purposes of overcoming resistance.
Tim Sackton: You gotta grind up some rubies to do it. So it's a relatively costly decision.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do this in the acronym.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Gp. Worth of Rubies.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should do it just because I was thinking like we need to. This is a moment to say, like we need better defenses on the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't quite know what could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who could jump out of this.
Tim Sackton: Although you've got a fair number of rubies actually.
Kate Sackton: I was just gonna say, if we need any more rubies, we could see we could.
Tim Sackton: No, no, there are, there is no more there are. There's not a single additional ruby to be found anywhere in the kingdom of
Tim Sackton: the Orcs.
Kate Sackton: This guitar we should leave behind the movies.
Tim Sackton: They were literally all ground up to permanently forbidden
Tim Sackton: the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: I was like. I've always. I've always found these nice Orcs perfectly willing to give me gyms.
Mike Sackton: They gave you all the gemstones, literally to the last one.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess the one other question is, does it matter if we've simulacrum
Eric Rosenbaum: like before or after leveling up?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's probably not a good.
Kate Sackton: Didn't we.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we knew we were gonna level up soon, it's better to smart. Come after you level up, cause then it's a higher level.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we shouldn't do that.
Mike Sackton: Wow! But I mean, from a non metagame perspective. Wait. Just here's the question, why are we doing this?
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it's just the moment.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, for secret being asked. The spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you just it's like
Eric Rosenbaum: we got attacked really badly. We need better defenses on the ship. The attack that they used is something that I can use in our own defense. So it's sort of story-wise makes sense there, and.
Mike Sackton: If we're doing it to leave behind on the ship as defenses next time we leave.
Mike Sackton: What is that? And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing, though, the way you control it, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: could I.
Tim Sackton: It's like, it's not. It's like seeker. You can just explain to it. Defend the ship.
Tim Sackton: It's not like a construct that you have to constantly give orders to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: It has the exact intelligence of whoever you duplicate.
Eric Rosenbaum: So then that's even more ration, better rationale for it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so then it's just a question of of which
Eric Rosenbaum: person
Eric Rosenbaum: best to where it's about defending the ship from
Eric Rosenbaum: either simulacra of us or other magical creatures attacking
Eric Rosenbaum: like what's the greatest weakness that we have
Eric Rosenbaum: in our defense?
Mike Sackton: Bright.
Eric Rosenbaum: And like ranged attacks
Eric Rosenbaum: of something coming towards the ship like with a bow like
Eric Rosenbaum: that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: I mean, except the high school turret is quite good at, I mean, I don't think we have to have a
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure.
Tim Sackton: Spend a huge amount of time on this, because I think eventually it ends up not being that interesting.
Tim Sackton: And I would say, there's not I, I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's probably more interesting to discuss in character what you're going to do next, because that's going to influence what you decide if you're about to. If you're about to abandon the ship, then you might be more inclined to
Tim Sackton: create a defender for the ship if you're about to.
Tim Sackton: If you're going to stay. If you're flying the ship somewhere, then it's less urgent right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true, but.
Mike Sackton: What are we doing next? Do we? Do we know where the next jade is?
Mike Sackton: You.
Tim Sackton: Had a brief vision of it when the 4 other 4 were put together. The next jade is
Tim Sackton: The the vision you saw was. It's in a jungle
Tim Sackton: it's on. It was in a cave
Tim Sackton: on a cliff that rises up above a sort of
Tim Sackton: dense, fetid jungle.
Tim Sackton: It's to the southwest. It's like near drank or so. So the geography
Tim Sackton: The geography is that the that the Baramjalla plateau that Dunmar is on
Tim Sackton: is like
Tim Sackton: it starts with these giant cliffs that rise up.
Tim Sackton: and there's a giant waterfall on the river and stuff like somewhere here. Kenzo can tell you. Base can point exactly to the direction where it is. It's like
Tim Sackton: like in
Tim Sackton: it's like in this direction.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Do you have a map? I didn't have role 20 open is, are you showing a map on role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, here's.
Kate Sackton: He's showing like
Kate Sackton: Run, where the fords of the 2 rivers
Kate Sackton: branch off above Tranquar.
Tim Sackton: You don't know exactly the distance.
Tim Sackton: but it's like just west of Drankore.
Mike Sackton: I'm just looking in the lap.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should be able to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plot it pretty exactly if we don't fly straight towards it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try and get it.
Tim Sackton: Location. If you triangulate it.
Mike Sackton: So I I think then our plan is to start flying towards that sort of urgently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, do we.
Mike Sackton: Do we know of any
Mike Sackton: concerns on our way?
Mike Sackton: What are we flying over.
Kate Sackton: Flying over the desolation of Shamut.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks pretty flat, whatever it is.
Tim Sackton: You're flying over the Garmj. If you're flying straight, you're flying over the Garmjala desert.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, what I think secret is right. The map shows it as being entirely featureless. We should be fine.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Possibly go wrong.
Tim Sackton: Clearly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smooth sailing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do. We did. Our halfling captain didn't come inland at all, so he would know the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): coast, but not like the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the cliff and the jungle.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But can you like orient us to like what stuff is.
Mike Sackton: What about Milo?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That is a.
Mike Sackton: Hi! Linda.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kingdom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, that's a.
Mike Sackton: That's who Schwartz was talking about.
Tim Sackton: Is sort of has left you to to deal with your crew a little bit, and is is dealing with his crew at the moment.
Mike Sackton: But we'd like to discuss with him.
Mike Sackton: What's okay? 1st step.
Mike Sackton: we don't have time. Let's get the ship flying south. There's nothing we actually need from
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's concerned.
Mike Sackton: And car is there.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: let's get the ship flying south as step one.
Mike Sackton: And then while does our milest people on board? And what are the what do they wanna do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, but.
Mike Sackton: Where would they like to be wet, free.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Milo. Milo
Tim Sackton: would like to get back to Aporia.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is all right.
Mike Sackton: About.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would very much like Milo to crew this ship for us.
Mike Sackton: My, but we are happy to take mile back to a poia once we deal with this little trouble south of here that will take us about 20 to 21 days.
Tim Sackton: Milo. Milo looks at you and sort of laughs.
Tim Sackton: The second time you've used that line on me.
Tim Sackton: I must say.
Mike Sackton: True.
Tim Sackton: Of course.
Mike Sackton: Shit, so.
Tim Sackton: Intensely grateful for your
Tim Sackton: rescue efforts. But
Tim Sackton: is this going to be worse than the last one.
Mike Sackton: Much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh! To an enormous degree like.
Mike Sackton: 1020 times worse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the consequences of failure are so much worse, too.
Mike Sackton: But look, if I mean, if we fail, you'll probably die anyway. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, probably everyone will.
Mike Sackton: I mean, unless you're pure blood. Chardonnian.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: he sighs a little bit.
Tim Sackton: but the death threat isn't really my place, but.
Mike Sackton: I'm not trying to convince you to come with us. I think it's probably a terrible idea. We just can't afford to take you back to Aporia until we're done with. This errand.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I leave it aside. What my oven companion says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who else has done this before? Who else? 1st of all, has captained a flying boat that's millennials old, built by giants to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): crossed the desolation of Shemat inside a drank world like who.
Mike Sackton: Welby's a big fan of terrible ideas, I think, is what we're getting at here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on! Hang on, Milo! Think of all the times you wanted to go to drink! I mean, I am looking at you. I am seeing a man who wanted to go to drank corps and didn't have the opportunity. Didn't have the boat. Didn't have. The companions didn't have the crew.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When are you going to get this chance again.
Tim Sackton: He he
Tim Sackton: He sort of laughs. You, you know. We tried once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is what I'm saying.
Tim Sackton: Approaching by air
Tim Sackton: that has a lot of pluses.
Tim Sackton: How does the ship handle in storms?
Tim Sackton: Don't have a feel for it yet. He sort of touches the deck.
Tim Sackton: There's a hum to it.
Tim Sackton: You can create.
Kate Sackton: Made by storm giants.
Tim Sackton: It was made by storm giants.
Tim Sackton: Well, then, it's destiny.
Tim Sackton: My ship was the storm dancer, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: S.
Tim Sackton: But I cannot leave my crew swimming in the river below.
Kate Sackton: Are they even still swimming? I was pretty sure that I untransformed them all before the ice shield went down, because.
Tim Sackton: Well, no, you don't have 13 spell slots to cast the spell. Magic.
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, chilly and I were working on it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Tilly cast did a there's like 3 or 4 that were to spell. But you're, you know, everybody's
Tim Sackton: limited to in the number of the number they can dispel per day.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: And we don't have a better way of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A big tub of water on board
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right.
Mike Sackton: Seeker. So you had this idea seeker for a water helmet.
Mike Sackton: Why didn't you make the water, Halvin?
Kate Sackton: There was nothing else to do.
Tim Sackton: I mean, how long would it really take to make a few water helmets.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the shark heads are fairly large, though right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they'd have to be fairly big. And you need a source of fresh water because it would get
Tim Sackton: they ran out of oxygen.
Mike Sackton: Or you could just bubble oxygen through it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eternal water, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: You do have a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Called tko.
Tim Sackton: It's not quite eternal, but it's
Tim Sackton: a decent amount of salt water, I mean.
Mike Sackton: How many of them
Mike Sackton: we we don't want to leave. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Spends. If Tilly spends the rest of her spell slot rest of her 3rd plus level spell slot she didn't spend. She didn't cast that many spells in the battle.
Tim Sackton: and of course hadn't spent spell slots and all the previous fights like you had.
Tim Sackton: She could dispel another leg.
Tim Sackton: Let me double check, but.
Kate Sackton: I have 3 spell slots left. I could just spell magic with.
Tim Sackton: She could dispel another
Tim Sackton: 1, 2,
Tim Sackton: 5,
Tim Sackton: she could dispel, she could dispel another. She's dispelled 2 already. She could dispel another
Tim Sackton: 5.
Mike Sackton: 3 is 8.
Mike Sackton: That's 10, of 13.
Tim Sackton: So there's only 3 that would need some sort of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there any spellcasters zoom enough to spell magic among the works.
Mike Sackton: Where we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Counting my spell slots here, I how many? I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: pretty, but.
Mike Sackton: How many slippin? How many 3rd level or above do you have left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Counting.
Eric Rosenbaum: 0 0 0 0 1.
Tim Sackton: One.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that's cheap.
Tim Sackton: You basically just need a 5th Level Wizard who could dispel. There's bound to be a 5th Level Wizard somewhere in his guitar.
Mike Sackton: I think we should send out a messenger. Send
Mike Sackton: after we've reassured her that her sister will be brought back to life. Send
Mike Sackton: is.
Kate Sackton: Our stack.
Mike Sackton: Their newscar, whatever her name is, out into the city to try and find a wizard who can dispel. I mean, it's not that hard. He just has to walk out to the river, where they're swimming around and right
Mike Sackton: and then we'll do some ferrying down. We can.
Mike Sackton: you know we can
Mike Sackton: raise, we can go down to spell till he can go down to spout. We'll get the crew on board.
Mike Sackton: Take a couple hours. In the meantime.
Mike Sackton: bring on any supplies we need.
Mike Sackton: Realistically, we're aiming. We think we're
Mike Sackton: gonna just set
Mike Sackton: sale for drink. Or basically.
Mike Sackton: we probably want to stay along the
Mike Sackton: the desert seems safer than the unknown desert. Well.
Mike Sackton: Mila doesn't know anything about
Mike Sackton: the land we're crossing right.
Tim Sackton: He's never been. He's sailed the sea of storms, and he's gotten close to, but he's never been
Tim Sackton: on shore.
Mike Sackton: And do any of the Orcs know what's south of them?
Tim Sackton: Desert
Tim Sackton: the death dollar gets it gets very. It's like this
Tim Sackton: part in between the rivers is like
Tim Sackton: incredibly dry and hot. It's like the Aka. Whatever that Deli desert in Chile is right. It's like a high altitude super bone, dry desert.
Mike Sackton: Is it really, I mean? Is it like 8,000 feet high, or is it like.
Mike Sackton: how? How tall.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Talk, can hear.
Tim Sackton: It's very hot like. That's the.
Mike Sackton: That this is like serious mountains.
Tim Sackton: The top of the Gar. The Garmjala plateau is quite high. Elevation.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Just in, but the sort of middle portion in between the sort of like.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So like, it rises up to a high, high elevation. It high plateau.
Tim Sackton: In, the.
Mike Sackton: South of in in the and the rivers are flowing either side of the plateau. Basically. So we have to go up to get okay.
Mike Sackton: So that's probably relatively safe. It sounds fairly inhospitable.
Tim Sackton: The Orcs never travel through that even that even. They've been losing living
Tim Sackton: 150 years. They don't bother. They've they've gone down the river. They scout down the river a little bit
Tim Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: Have they gone further south than the junction with the.
Tim Sackton: They've never gone further south than that junction.
Mike Sackton: Is there any anything we should be expecting.
Kate Sackton: Wait when they've gone all the way south to that junction.
Tim Sackton: No, no! The close junction.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: This here.
Kate Sackton: I see.
Mike Sackton: They've never been further south of there. It's not even obvious they've been as far south as here.
Tim Sackton: But the land. The land is flat for a while, and then begins to rise steeply about a hundred miles
Tim Sackton: and south of Uzke car, and that's as far as they've scouted.
Mike Sackton: How.
Mike Sackton: how far can we travel in a day? I forget.
Tim Sackton: 240 miles.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: it's at least
Kate Sackton: 3 days
Kate Sackton: plus journey.
Mike Sackton: To drank, or is like
Mike Sackton: 4 days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's really close. All of a sudden.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So
Mike Sackton: so we should
Mike Sackton: go.
Mike Sackton: We should really go.
Mike Sackton: Start
Mike Sackton: we we should. We'll have a bustle of activity right? Like we'll send the followers out to
Mike Sackton: find a wizard. Let's like stock up on water. Let's
Mike Sackton: you know, stock up on food like we. We have this kind of stuff, but like it'd be good to have like we have a whole empty storeroom, which is like, fill it with casks of water right like, and get some of our followers in the orbs to help with that kind of stuff. And then we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of this.
Mike Sackton: Calm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Falling rocks to drop.
Mike Sackton: Rocks? Good idea. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work, once.
Mike Sackton: And then get kind of organized, and try and leave here and react 2 or 3 h right?
Mike Sackton: Heading south.
Mike Sackton: Kelly with his, with Milo with his crew, and once we're on the move, will
Mike Sackton: talk more with everybody. That's when falter, can we can, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: But still.
Mike Sackton: Present, bestow honors and.
Tim Sackton: So in the bustle of activity. It I mean, it takes it ends up taking more like
Tim Sackton: 5 h.
Tim Sackton: By the time you find the Wizard and get everybody settled
Tim Sackton: tasks and end up having to spend a little bit of time talking to
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: Lubash the chief, and just in general kind of.
Tim Sackton: you know, making your presence known and accepting their thanks again for everything you did. So it's not really until sort of
Tim Sackton: early afternoon, just after just after a a sort of quick lunch, that you
Tim Sackton: you begin heading
Tim Sackton: south.
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: traveling now with
Tim Sackton: 13 additional halflings.
Tim Sackton: Milo and Tilly.
Tim Sackton: as well as your
Tim Sackton: followers
Tim Sackton: and the dead, but soon to be no longer dead bodies of Yota and Agul.
Tim Sackton: In the meantime, during this
Tim Sackton: Risman identifies the 3 magic items on Bruni's body.
Tim Sackton: The cloak is a cloak of protection. It's similar. It's of met. It's mechanically equivalent to the dragon hide cloaks that you got in Uzbekar.
Tim Sackton: The tiara with the tentacles is a helm of telepathy.
Tim Sackton: These are all should be on D, and D beyond
Tim Sackton: it lets you cast they all require.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if they're gonna be worth
Tim Sackton: anybody attuned to.
Tim Sackton: lest you cast detect thoughts.
Tim Sackton: At will.
Eric Rosenbaum: From that area.
Eric Rosenbaum: distributing magic items to crew members.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's swap out the celestial gem of protection for a cloak of protection.
Mike Sackton: Coco protection is better cause it gives you A/C too.
Tim Sackton: That gives you states, too, the.
Mike Sackton: Thanks. Sorry. I was very much.
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: yeah. It looks like Bill. It looks woven out of kelp.
Tim Sackton: Then the the last item is a ring of shadows.
Tim Sackton: It gives you dark vision.
Tim Sackton: If you're in dim light or darkness, you can use a bonus action to teleport up to 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: and you can cast enemies abound once per day.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Tim Sackton: It makes one target. Think everybody around them is their enemy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Mike Sackton: I don't have had that spell for a while. I literally never had an opportunity where it made sense to cast.
Mike Sackton: I swapped it out, yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's tricky, because you need to be in a situation where you have
Mike Sackton: a moderately powerful bad guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of bad other bad guys.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, if it's minions and a boss, it doesn't really make sense, because it's not worth it to get a minion to fight the boss.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: right it. It works really well against like us, because you could capture.
Eric Rosenbaum: He.
Mike Sackton: You know you could get dealt with to go kill.
Mike Sackton: seeker, or whatever right like.
Tim Sackton: He tried to use on Kenza when he was escaping from the.
Mike Sackton: Right
Mike Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: It's not.
Mike Sackton: It's not massively. I don't know that it's.
Tim Sackton: The bonus action teleport is much more useful, but it's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Unlimited, but it's limited by being in dim light or darkness, so I don't know if that's worth the
Tim Sackton: 2 men.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Right? Right? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we award
Eric Rosenbaum: Baldrick for his leadership?
Eric Rosenbaum: Any one of these things, or something else that we have.
Tim Sackton: I mean, certainly Amel or Falldrick, or Catherine would be happy with the celestial gem of protection. If that is just gonna trickle down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess we should give something to each of them for.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the hem of telepathy is not
Tim Sackton: It's it actually might be useful for somebody like Faldrick, because it also lets you do a mini version of the
Tim Sackton: telepathic
Tim Sackton: link that you set up with seeker spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if I want Celtic to be running around to technical.
Tim Sackton: That's the trade-off.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny.
Mike Sackton: How much leprosy is
Mike Sackton: useful.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I don't think it's super useful for any of
Mike Sackton: boss.
Mike Sackton: I would give Faldrick the
Mike Sackton: last. Well, I'd give Faldrick the
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say this less jam, but actually, somebody who's more likely to be in.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should give Faldrick the ring of shadows, short action to swap short action.
Mike Sackton: short action. Teleport is quite useful for him, although obviously he has.
Mike Sackton: but he could use it to get I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: A,
Eric Rosenbaum: because he's like disabled.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's kind of cool, actually.
Mike Sackton: And we could give Kathra the celestial gem protection, it seems appropriate.
Mike Sackton: given. It started with riswin.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we could trust Amel with the helm of the tech thoughts.
Mike Sackton: Don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: That I think that all kind of makes sense. I like that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little ceremony to thank them.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's there's a few others right.
Eric Rosenbaum: All out.
Mike Sackton: The 2 who died should probably get stuff, too, if we have anything to give them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their life back. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I mean, Yota would also use the gender protection like she's a frontliner.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could give Yota my ring of display, my ring of displacement.
Mike Sackton: which has slid down off my attunement list.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she totally use that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay, that's all.
Mike Sackton: And the art.
Tim Sackton: Protection. Amal Hamilpathy, Fodrick. Ring of Shadows, Yotya. Ring of displacement.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. Sorry Welby cloak of protection.
Kate Sackton: We'll we'll we'll try to, you know, pillage something good from Drankore for
Kate Sackton: her
Kate Sackton: fall in work
Kate Sackton: restored, fallen Orc.
Mike Sackton: I could get, I still, I think, have the. I still have a adamantine.
Tim Sackton: They don't.
Mike Sackton: Did! What did I do with it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Adamantine was used to to construct the phasing stone.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Holder!
Mike Sackton: I should delete that. Then.
Tim Sackton: I think it's in
Tim Sackton: deleted and party treasure, but not on your.
Mike Sackton: I just like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: okay. And I'll delete the ring of, I'll delete the ring of
Mike Sackton: displacement as well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. You'll get more treasure.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Any case by around one ish. You're setting off now with these.
Tim Sackton: I need some good setting off music here.
Tim Sackton: Setting off into.
Tim Sackton: You're you're setting off
Tim Sackton: spend a couple of hours giving as you travel across the desert in the hot sun, giving
Tim Sackton: everybody these
Tim Sackton: these items.
Tim Sackton: doing this little ceremony. You know Father Faldrk is very pleased
Tim Sackton: very, very excited, that he's finally being, you know.
Tim Sackton: trusted, and, you know.
Tim Sackton: given some real charge over piloting, which, honestly, if you want to let him just keep the phasing to an attunement seeker, can get an attunement, slot back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Do we wanna do that, though?
Tim Sackton: It's up to you, but.
Mike Sackton: He! He seems to have proven himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: He did save the day.
Tim Sackton: Mean right now you're attuned to the ring of the warded mind, the glove of Chris glass, magic, and the binding stones. But if you want to pilot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: You've got to drop one of those and switch.
Eric Rosenbaum: You.
Tim Sackton: And stunning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Let's let him have it, for now.
Mike Sackton: I mean, don't we need 2 pilots to keep it going 20 HA day?
Tim Sackton: No, now that now that because now that fall Drex piloted it long enough, you don't need to maintain concentration to keep it. You can't steer, but he can set it on course
Tim Sackton: somebody has to go wake up the pilot if he needs to move. The ship relative piloted it for like
Tim Sackton: 100 h or something. You don't have to
Tim Sackton: maintain concentration to keep it moving forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So we'll just we just keep things as is basically is what you're saying.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: -Oh!
Mike Sackton: There's 2 secrets on the Garam Jaw desert page.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So all the all the like note tugger notes. When Tim has secrets that that I shouldn't know. They they come through as little secrets they get stripped in his whole get push thing, and they come through in my version. It's just secret one secret, 2.
Mike Sackton: So I can walk and see if he has secrets. I was trying to look at the Gundra Desert. I mean, I didn't need. I wasn't going to look for secrets. I was trying to just.
Tim Sackton: I will say sometimes I just put a secret that's
Tim Sackton: there should be something weird here to make up. Leave that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Of Mike.
Tim Sackton: But I'm not saying that's what's happening with the garbage, anyway, around
Tim Sackton: 1, 32, as as the ceremony is going on
Tim Sackton: well, be, you hear, coming from your pouch
Tim Sackton: while being friends. Can you hear me?
Tim Sackton: It's Sarah.
Tim Sackton: I've been trying to reach you for a while now there's news.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm blay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, this is the sending time.
Tim Sackton: And thanks, darling. Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sir. Go ahead!
Tim Sackton: She starts talking quickly, because, you know, you've only got 5 min on these stones before they run out for the day.
Tim Sackton: Where have you been? Don't, don't tell me yet. Let me let me finish.
Tim Sackton: I tried to reach you 3 or 4 times yesterday.
Tim Sackton: It did not.
Tim Sackton: There was
Tim Sackton: quiet.
Tim Sackton: Charging is mobilizing fast.
Tim Sackton: Our Scots report that 3 legions are already marching from Chartin. It's gonna be another month or so before they reach our positions
Tim Sackton: along the Sanghara frontier, I would think.
Tim Sackton: and although those Mages on the border that have harassed us a little bit, they've made no attempt at a sustained attack.
Tim Sackton: we hope to fall back and draw them into a chase across the plains when they catch up to us where they'll struggle.
Tim Sackton: They certainly won't be able to keep up with us, even with their vaunted legions. She sort of scones, Scots scoffs a little bit, but
Tim Sackton: I need your advice
Tim Sackton: at what cost?
Tim Sackton: We let them sack some Gaara.
Tim Sackton: I might buy an extra week or 10 days. I do not think we can let Tokra be sacked.
Tim Sackton: and if the legions reach the outskirts of Tokra, we must attack. But before you answer that there's far worse news.
Tim Sackton: I've just received word from Darba that well-be is leading rebellion in Illoria.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: 1st out of nowhere, maybe
Tim Sackton: a week ago, but I just received the news yesterday. His forces have apparently sunk. A bunch of ships in the canal are now attacking anything that moves on the water indiscriminately.
Tim Sackton: Karnas is livid. I tried to explain. It's not you. Thanks for the warning. By the way.
Tim Sackton: I think I might have guessed something was wrong when I heard you were attacking even halfling ships.
Tim Sackton: but without.
Tim Sackton: I might not have made the connection without being forewarned.
Tim Sackton: I fear all our hard work to reach a resolution will be in vain. If this well be attacks Darba itself.
Tim Sackton: Carnass has sent
Tim Sackton: Abba, who was the misty of Soncar who you met in the copper hills, who was like your go-between.
Tim Sackton: Tread, pirate. Well, be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
Tim Sackton: to investigate along with a cohere of agai misdiagn. But
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure
Tim Sackton: I don't know what to do about this, to be honest, and then she stops waiting for you to respond.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We think.
Mike Sackton: We
Mike Sackton: on the 1st question about Sangra and Tokra?
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: Lee.
Mike Sackton: will the legions really stop to
Mike Sackton: sack the city?
Mike Sackton: A. B.
Kate Sackton: Well can the citizens evacuate
Kate Sackton: at what cost of lives?
Kate Sackton: Yay.
Kate Sackton: a.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: also, would they sack the city? I mean?
Mike Sackton: It seems
Mike Sackton: it's hard to know right?
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: you would.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we can work the timeline here?
Eric Rosenbaum: We hope to turn the tide
Eric Rosenbaum: of things connected to the Chardonian forces.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's gonna take a couple of weeks.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: To delay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it's hard to know what happens
Mike Sackton: when a Polyon.
Mike Sackton: There's no point in planning for
Mike Sackton: Apollyon defeating us right?
Mike Sackton: In that case.
Mike Sackton: right. So
Mike Sackton: assume we defeat a Polyon in 3 weeks, less than 3 weeks, 2, 2, and a half weeks!
Mike Sackton: How quickly does that ripple out! How quickly does that cause a change in Jardin? How
Mike Sackton: quickly
Mike Sackton: does Fausto
Mike Sackton: fall, or do we still have to go? Then clean it all up?
Mike Sackton: There must be forces in
Mike Sackton: Jardin that are opposed to this.
Kate Sackton: I mean, there's that one
Kate Sackton: woman we had tea with.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean more.
Tim Sackton: I don't really know very much at all about Chardonnian politics, like the person who would know the most is Kenzo, and he's 6 more than 6 years out of date, right.
Kate Sackton: Does his former
Kate Sackton: mentor
Kate Sackton: still have a current beat on the situation?
Tim Sackton: No, he's black.
Kate Sackton: Be good bye.
Tim Sackton: 9 months ago. He's in Mawar now.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Well, I didn't know if he was staying in touch with people.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he might be right like there's a possibility that there's some.
Tim Sackton: you know. Math.
Kate Sackton: Rebel in exile.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Tim Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: So I think
Mike Sackton: I mean to answer Sarah's question
Mike Sackton: about Sun Guard. Does does she think that troops are
Mike Sackton: hellbent on
Mike Sackton: blood?
Mike Sackton: Are they
Mike Sackton: a disciplined military force that's gonna bypass an undefended city
Mike Sackton: rather than just viciously destroy it.
Mike Sackton: It's hard to know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'd sort of been assuming expansion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know that it becomes a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): colony or possession.
Kate Sackton: And to repeat Richard's question, has there been any sort of evacuation of noncombatants, or is it just fully.
Tim Sackton: There are.
Kate Sackton: Populous.
Tim Sackton: As far as you, I mean. Certain you could ask her. She says.
Tim Sackton: No, we haven't.
Tim Sackton: We haven't evacuated yet, but of course we could, and we don't have to make a decision immediately. I'm much more concerned about
Tim Sackton: the wellbeing situation.
Tim Sackton: Sanghara, at the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can they do about well-being?
Eric Rosenbaum: Where
Eric Rosenbaum: are you? Missing a scale in your underbelly? Well be that they could shoot for, so to speak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Catching me will be the tricky thing, can we?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, can we like real quick teleport over to me and murder me, and then come back again. Is that
Tim Sackton: I mean, currently seeker has 0 spell slots, having just used to spell magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mean like tomorrow, but.
Kate Sackton: Tomorrow.
Kate Sackton: an activity for tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: and could we teleport to Dell to Wellbe prime
Eric Rosenbaum: the.
Tim Sackton: You can't teleport to a person teleport to them.
Kate Sackton: Have we been to Ellora?
Kate Sackton: I remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So I think
Eric Rosenbaum: short of using the
Eric Rosenbaum: one of my chance weaver dice to roll a perfect teleport on a different.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know what ship he's on? I mean.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Sarah has received garbled news from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There!
Tim Sackton: Darba yesterday.
Tim Sackton: Supposedly the attack was like a week ago, but like and Welby's now dread pirate Welby, just raiding in the Illorian seas during a rebellion, but
Tim Sackton: just mayhem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): God sounds like me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hang on. Why do they have him there? What what is he?
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the tactical reason.
Tim Sackton: You don't know
Tim Sackton: to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To break up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to keep
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wait to keep Denmark destabilized right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to create a rift between Sarah and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brother.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: brother's not liking it.
Kate Sackton: But but
Kate Sackton: how does that actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe it's just counting on a distraction for us, but that's the sort of thing that we would drop. What we're doing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to go attend to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which we should therefore do. You're right.
Mike Sackton: Or there could be something in Elloria that's actually worthwhile.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have been wanting to go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trip.
Mike Sackton: Severus, or somebody like that was off hunting treasure in a warrior right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: but didn't we think for a while that the scepter of command was there.
Kate Sackton: We were after once.
Tim Sackton: Or command. You thought that. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might have been.
Tim Sackton: Cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's all. Old news. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, there's not another as far.
Mike Sackton: The artifact thing.
Mike Sackton: Pretty good shape on, I mean. Fausto still has the crown, but.
Tim Sackton: The crown, the cloak, and the scepter were the artifacts, and you destroyed 2 of them, and Fasto has possession of the 3.rd
Mike Sackton: Wow! We just drives one effect.
Kate Sackton: Clover.
Tim Sackton: I mean the cloak's not destroyed. It's safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Refocus for a sec
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): top priority is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we get the last piece of the hand.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah, I'm back and.
Mike Sackton: We look at the hand in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and figure out what Ry was holding. Yeah, that was keeping a polyaner imprisoned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and.
Mike Sackton: Then go find it and destroy it, so that we can then kill up, kill a poly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the thing was holding us, presumably the factory. That's the theory.
Tim Sackton: That you're working on.
Tim Sackton: Keep in mind that you also have your meta resource of. Remember that elf woman. Yeah, you can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, how?
Tim Sackton: 5 questions that you're like, what would a rest day tell us to do?
Tim Sackton: Only.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna save those
Mike Sackton: until we get the 4th bit of hand. And we're going to be like, the hand shows us this. What would we do? And then, like moment to moment in the combat with a polynom we're going to be like.
Mike Sackton: how would Oresti tell us to counter this attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where on the map would Rusty tell me to move right now?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's.
Mike Sackton: But we
Mike Sackton: I don't see.
Kate Sackton: I could commune with the Denmark gods and absolutely know anything about the political situation, and
Kate Sackton: Gloria retarded.
Mike Sackton: We already use. Both of us use their computers today, but.
Kate Sackton: My commune has 3 questions. I only asked one.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but it's too late now to ask the other 2.
Mike Sackton: It's 1 step.
Kate Sackton: Tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: It is one.
Mike Sackton: Tomorrow, to.
Kate Sackton: Tomorrow, tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: I just don't see what we can do about Wellbe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I think we let it go, for now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): also we're we're on a faster timeline, right? We're 3 days away from the.
Mike Sackton: Mean
Mike Sackton: we could.
Mike Sackton: It's just it's too far away, right? The only way we could get there. We can't use the Rainbow Bridge for a week.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: So the Rainbow Bridge is basically shut down.
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: could use teleport.
Mike Sackton: but we only get one of those.
Mike Sackton: so that would be 2 days teleport and teleport back. We could go to Darba.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: we could
Mike Sackton: contact somebody in Darba. This.
Mike Sackton: Who is the woman who?
Mike Sackton: The person
Mike Sackton: Sarah sent somebody. Carna sent
Mike Sackton: his.
Tim Sackton: By.
Mike Sackton: I'll buy his priest person after. Well, be
Mike Sackton: so. I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast dream today
Mike Sackton: and try and talk to Aba.
Mike Sackton: and maybe get more information and share.
Mike Sackton: Get out
Mike Sackton: what we know about the fake. What we know about the fake.
Mike Sackton: actually.
Mike Sackton: we can share what we know about the fake. Seeker
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: And point out all of the like. Here's how you know it's fake.
Mike Sackton: Ask Aba to like
Mike Sackton: basically. So this person knows how to prove it's fake
Mike Sackton: right while he's fake, and I'll
Mike Sackton: all of your weaknesses come up with a list. You have some homework. Well, be before bed.
Mike Sackton: Come up with a list of all your weaknesses and strengths.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): List of weaknesses, perfectionism.
Tim Sackton: I cared.
Mike Sackton: Too much.
Kate Sackton: Work.
Tim Sackton: Too hard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not having any weakness.
Mike Sackton: I can't come up with the list
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: the other. But also
Mike Sackton: what wellbe, would you know? What are the kinds of things to look out.
Mike Sackton: I mean I'll be sort of vulnerable
Mike Sackton: by himself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I so like. I think that well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the real weaknesses is sort of like the the action, economy, and movement like, if you get 4 people around him
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like that's sort of it.
Mike Sackton: Or alternatively, if you force Wellby to. If Robby's fighting by himself, and you force him to move every turn, he can never sneak, attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He can never get advantage from studying, he can still sneak attack. If allies are.
Mike Sackton: But if he's fighting by himself he doesn't have the Allies.
Tim Sackton: No, he happens. He currently appears to be on a pirate ship, which presumably means he's not back.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Right. He has a crew.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if?
Kate Sackton: Play.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an an incredibly enticing travel opportunity or.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Disarm him, I mean, without a boat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it really neutralizes the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet.
Tim Sackton: Both shoot, disarm against each other and see who wins.
Mike Sackton: So I I think what we'll tell Sarah is that
Mike Sackton: 2 things, one.
Mike Sackton: I guess, dream twice. We can have 2 long conversations tonight, so we'll check in tonight in her dreams
Mike Sackton: to have a longer conversation not limited by the
Mike Sackton: that next step.
Kate Sackton: Sending.
Mike Sackton: but that we can't divert from our mission.
Mike Sackton: Basically, in 18 days
Mike Sackton: the world will change
Mike Sackton: some way or the other
Mike Sackton: right? And so.
Kate Sackton: Deal with, have you? I'm just. I'm a little nervous about the fact that dealt with consenting or dream
Kate Sackton: like other dealt with can dream.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, God!
Kate Sackton: Reminding our friends to like, do the password thing in their dreams, with
Kate Sackton: just checking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Kate Sackton: Do we cover that.
Tim Sackton: Don't think you covered that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's.
Tim Sackton: The the other deal with vanished quickly.
Tim Sackton: Although you don't know what happened.
Tim Sackton: The other dealt with, and the other Kenza are a bit of a mystery at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: they like blew up chartin, and then
Mike Sackton: supposedly were executed. But we're presumably returned to a poly on.
Kate Sackton: Right. But so then, that makes them seem like they're totally neutralized, except that doublet can dream.
Kate Sackton: And you can dream.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, forgive me. I mean.
Mike Sackton: There's a a.
Kate Sackton: In all of our communications. Let's.
Mike Sackton: There!
Kate Sackton: That is all I'm saying.
Kate Sackton: Sorry to sorry to interject. Yeah, that little bit of.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Terror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Always good to remind Tim of these things, too.
Kate Sackton: Email, app.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I think that's what we tell Sarah is that
Mike Sackton: it's 18 days.
Mike Sackton: Hold out
Mike Sackton: a lot
Mike Sackton: we can't. We can't divert. We can't do anything except continue on our path towards drink, or
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: I will dealt with will try and talk to
Mike Sackton: Aba
Mike Sackton: to.
Mike Sackton: We have some more information on these duplicates.
Kate Sackton: Provide some tips and try.
Mike Sackton: And try and give up some
Mike Sackton: tips and tricks and and right, and if nothing else also
Mike Sackton: she has Karnas's ear right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: I'll bet those yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: calling her up. And being like here is all of a detailed list of our weaknesses is definitely not the move you make if you're if it's actually a do not you know it's a.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: The helpful
Mike Sackton: trust building exercise.
Mike Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: So, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But otherwise that's that's
Mike Sackton: old out.
Tim Sackton: So you communicate this, and then over the course of the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: Just travel
Tim Sackton: best you can.
Tim Sackton: right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Until you can
Tim Sackton: sleep and rest and regain your
Tim Sackton: spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Highest comfortable altitude. I think.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you're going up a little bit as the as the
Tim Sackton: plateau rises below you and go through the night
Tim Sackton: dreams.
Tim Sackton: So you communicate all this to Sarah, basically that you've just been talking about.
Mike Sackton: I'll have a longer conversation, I mean.
Mike Sackton: if anything, if there's any other news she wants to share things like that.
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: That's sort of the
Mike Sackton: with Abba. Same idea, right? Like
Mike Sackton: the basic idea of. Here's a list of all these weaknesses. I also does. She have further news she's willing to share. But what's.
Tim Sackton: So Aba is. Aba is a day out of Darba right now.
Tim Sackton: She.
Mike Sackton: On the water.
Tim Sackton: No approaching Darba.
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay, a day out towards, yeah, I get it. Okay.
Kate Sackton: Has no new news.
Tim Sackton: She does have. She has more news than Sarah. She's much closer.
Tim Sackton: Her news is that
Tim Sackton: so so well, the the pirate fleet, and she explicitly describes it as Welby's pirate fleet. She thinks there's at least 3 ships.
Tim Sackton: They, as far as she can tell, their goal seems to be cause as much death and destruction as possible
Tim Sackton: on the I mean the Alert. This, the Emerald Bay, the Neva Sea, is full of trading ships. Right like this is a major trade.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm into chartin.
Tim Sackton: Yes, they've attacked some.
Tim Sackton: you know, military, some naval ships, but they've tended to avoid her. Her information, anyway, is that
Tim Sackton: they've been sinking ships. They've been burning ships, they take no captives.
Tim Sackton: they they take some captives, but only captives who are willing to join the fleet.
Tim Sackton: so the fleet has grown, and anybody who stands against them is just indiscriminately slaughtered.
Tim Sackton: So she's she's her goal is, I mean, she knows this isn't well-be right like
Tim Sackton: this is very futuristic.
Tim Sackton: Dark. Dunmar has absolutely no navy. To speak of.
Tim Sackton: Her main goal is to fortify Darba
Tim Sackton: like she's not going after the pirate fleet by herself, she would be slaughtered. What she wants to do is
Tim Sackton: fortify Darba, and make sure that I mean there's an old Chardonian fort there, right like, you know, it's not defenseless. Right?
Tim Sackton: Make sure that it can't be easily attacked
Tim Sackton: by C.
Tim Sackton: And and this is, and she's convinced
Tim Sackton: Karna's descend. She's traveling with a bunch of
Tim Sackton: uggy or misty.
Tim Sackton: who are like the Dunmari paladins, and they are planning on
Tim Sackton: fortifying Garba. But there's nothing they can do about a pirate fleet in the Emerald Bay.
Tim Sackton: Chartin is apparently working as far as anybody can assume, working quickly to clear the canal. But
Tim Sackton: Wellbee is not
Tim Sackton: The opening stroke was basically to scuttle a huge fleet of ships in the
Tim Sackton: most challenging part of the canal to navigate.
Tim Sackton: and this has
Tim Sackton: essentially shut off Tardonian naval support to the Nevos Bay.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I don't know if
Mike Sackton: Abba can help us with this.
Mike Sackton: or who could help us with this.
Mike Sackton: But it's puzzling to all. Just be open about it. It's very puzzling to us why
Mike Sackton: our enemies.
Mike Sackton: who have a very limited
Mike Sackton: set
Mike Sackton: of doppelgangers of us.
Mike Sackton: would be sending well, be
Mike Sackton: to bring terror to the Neva Sea.
Mike Sackton: Is there something there that's valuable?
Tim Sackton: I I mean Loria Aba, says Lauria, attracts all sorts of rumors of lost treasure.
Tim Sackton: but Welby doesn't. The well, the pirate fleet doesn't seem to be particularly interested in searching for treasure.
Kate Sackton: I mean, and also our enemies are the Chardonians in some
Kate Sackton: concept, and they're blocking their own navy.
Kate Sackton: Was this tactic.
Kate Sackton: which is a little bit confusing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems like an important clue.
Mike Sackton: Unless there's a power. I mean, it's
Mike Sackton: it would be possible that the Chardonnayan Navy is not under Faustos' group's control.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, maybe it's a trudy and politics thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, wasn't there something funny about how Jardin was set up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe under under separate control.
Tim Sackton: You seem to remember some vague
Tim Sackton: dory is about how the young new magistrates of Chardon, his power base, was really among the navy, and the wind collars and.
Mike Sackton: Then sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The Chardonian, like old school wizards, were kind of pissed at him for that.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that would explain quite a bit right? It's a play against the magist, against the the magistrates
Mike Sackton: who's power. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, he did.
Mike Sackton: Navy. And this is embarrassing the navy and making them seem incompetent. And
Mike Sackton: then they're gonna be set up for other kinds of problems. Because.
Mike Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if.
Kate Sackton: Maybe that's.
Mike Sackton: Actually.
Mike Sackton: in a way that's almost an arrogant. He's playing for post
Mike Sackton: awakening.
Mike Sackton: He's not worried about us coming and killing him.
Kate Sackton: Well, also.
Kate Sackton: I guess.
Kate Sackton: depends on how much
Kate Sackton: how so is necessary for
Kate Sackton: a polyon's thing like it could be a thing that does. It wants that the Polyan was willing to give.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Anyway.
Tim Sackton: So I assume this conversation is all happening in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bellwether has reported on.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Abba's dream. So everybody gets their spouse lots back. You can raise the dead if you wish to do so.
Kate Sackton: Just one, just one today.
Tim Sackton: Just one today. Who are you gonna raise.
Mike Sackton: Wait? Why can't you like? Can't you.
Kate Sackton: No, I can do 2. Sorry I thought it was. I thought it was 7th level. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: And so.
Kate Sackton: Using my 7th 5th Level slots.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: all right, I'll raise both the dead.
Tim Sackton: Guy!
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ice.
Tim Sackton: You settle into a morning ritual, you need to spend one of your 2 diamonds, plus your
Tim Sackton: borrow borrows out token from the
Tim Sackton: from the from vendors are now.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Aguil
Tim Sackton: comes.
Tim Sackton: opens her eyes first, st
Tim Sackton: sort of blinking in the in the
Tim Sackton: the temple, the shrine to the Barza where you're casting this.
Tim Sackton: and she
Tim Sackton: she looks around, and I assume, like you know, her sister is there.
Tim Sackton: and she kind of
Tim Sackton: flinches back for a moment.
Tim Sackton: and then relaxes and and looks at you like almost like she was prepared to like strike or something.
Tim Sackton: and then she sighs. And
Tim Sackton: that was not what I expected.
Tim Sackton: she says, sort of to to newscar
Tim Sackton: sort of blinks again.
Tim Sackton: Sets up weak, very weak, because being returned from the dead makes you very weak.
Tim Sackton: She she's sort of struggling to speak a little bit. Drink some water.
Tim Sackton: shape.
Kate Sackton: Some like low, level healing, too.
Tim Sackton: No, there's nothing you can do about.
Kate Sackton: But weakness.
Tim Sackton: Fatigue.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Tommy
Tim Sackton: sits, sits up, though, and then
Tim Sackton: kind of shakes her head, and
Tim Sackton: it's like sort of struggling to to put thoughts together. A newscar is telling her, you know. Take your time. And and as as she's waiting,
Tim Sackton: Newscar explains to you all that the the people of the rainbow.
Tim Sackton: So they believe
Tim Sackton: a life well lived is poisoned to Thark.
Tim Sackton: the god that they've broken free of.
Tim Sackton: and they believe that when they die
Tim Sackton: they don't.
Tim Sackton: Their souls don't live on, because where would they live? They don't belong to any god.
Tim Sackton: but each each org can
Tim Sackton: cause dark, some small measure of pain. If they've lived a good.
Tim Sackton: happy life, if they've
Tim Sackton: done good deeds, if they've
Tim Sackton: defended their brethren, brethren, and helped others
Tim Sackton: bye
Tim Sackton: being a spear of poison.
Tim Sackton: striking at him as they reach his domain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: she
Tim Sackton: and the other the other thing, just to remind everybody. So the mythology of death which Welby has experienced and
Tim Sackton: Kenza's experience but nobody else is that all soul, everybody who dies in tiger goes 1st to the land of the dead, which is like a
Tim Sackton: variously described as a River of Souls, or a vast open plain, or a
Tim Sackton: maze, or it has many descriptions. Bobby would have experienced it when he died.
Tim Sackton: But there's myths about this everywhere, and
Tim Sackton: when Agua finally
Tim Sackton: sort of catches her breath to speak, she says
Tim Sackton: it. It wasn't like that at all.
Tim Sackton: When I died, when the
Tim Sackton: pain founded.
Tim Sackton: faded.
Tim Sackton: I found myself in
Tim Sackton: thumb
Tim Sackton: tight space.
Tim Sackton: a prison maybe
Tim Sackton: fell.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to describe it. I thought this must be what Tharks isn't is like, I guess. But
Tim Sackton: I had not passed the land of the dead. As far as I knew
Tim Sackton: there were other
Tim Sackton: souls around me, not Orcs just
Tim Sackton: struggling to reach some strange, uncanny light that
Tim Sackton: wrong summer.
Tim Sackton: But I assumed
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I don't know why these
Tim Sackton: people who work works here. I assume that must be
Tim Sackton: Tharks. Light some uncanny light that
Tim Sackton: long. Of course that was Dark's domain, and if I could reach it
Tim Sackton: I could be the righteous spear in death, and cause him some small measure of pain before the eternal sleep.
Tim Sackton: And so I
Tim Sackton: push through that crack, and something
Tim Sackton: shipped or broke behind me.
Tim Sackton: the light getting stronger and darker at the same time, somehow. And then
Tim Sackton: I was fading.
Tim Sackton: found myself in land of the dead. But
Tim Sackton: if I had passed through Tharck's domain. How was I in the land
Tim Sackton: dead? How did I even have memories.
Tim Sackton: this vast open plain, dark, but lit by the light of my soul shining on a rocky path. Even
Tim Sackton: I began to follow it, because what else could I do?
Tim Sackton: And I was still walking on that path when you pulled that.
Tim Sackton: But what was that
Tim Sackton: prison in that
Tim Sackton: back, if not
Tim Sackton: dark?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it was not
Eric Rosenbaum: the path thing seem familiar to anybody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: From one of our mirror visions. Maybe.
Tim Sackton: She struggles a little bit.
Tim Sackton: as if speaking that much was an effort, and then
Tim Sackton: shakes her hand. Missed you.
Mike Sackton: Did
Mike Sackton: would it?
Mike Sackton: Joshua? Experience.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Yota
Tim Sackton: says something different.
Tim Sackton: and she is raised from the dead. She says.
Tim Sackton: when I died I was
Tim Sackton: lost without a guide.
Tim Sackton: I didn't know what would happen to me, I thought.
Tim Sackton: Well, she turns and looks at Dalwith. I had hoped
Tim Sackton: maybe you'd come back
Tim Sackton: before my soul was lost forever, and how
Tim Sackton: bring a
Tim Sackton: soul to to guide me?
Tim Sackton: Kong?
Tim Sackton: Hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't hear.
Mike Sackton: Muted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's up y'all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: calling in.
Kate Sackton: Just in time for the afterlives.
Tim Sackton: That's real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine. I I actually only I'm sorry I'm just popping in. For a few minutes I had a couple of minutes I was popping in and say.
Tim Sackton: No worries, seekers, seekers. Doppelganger showed up and attacked Vinfashar. Now, while you were in the
Tim Sackton: plane of water.
Tim Sackton: Killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically.
Tim Sackton: Killed Agul, one of the Orcs, and Yota, the denokai that you had rescued in the north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Tim Sackton: Until Falter managed to kill him with the ice turret.
Tim Sackton: and plus Amel and Kathra help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get caught.
Mike Sackton: Projects. I know here that he's been promoted to
Mike Sackton: super heroic, totally awesome.
Mike Sackton: Your junior pilot.
Mike Sackton: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well as well as.
Eric Rosenbaum: Junior.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is optional.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile you've just learned from Sarah that Wellbe's doppelganger is has created a pirate fleet and is running around Deloria.
Tim Sackton: killing people.
Tim Sackton: He's dread Pyrrhus now.
Tim Sackton: with this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Each of those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fairness is sort of the other career path for me. If I didn't go this way.
Tim Sackton: Like almost on a knife edge. He almost became a parrot in the real one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. But isn't this all playing out to be like we ultimately befriend like? You know, Bizarro wellbe. And like, you know, like we like Bizarro wellbe is potentially like a mercenary that we bring on to our crew, and, like, you know, we like. At the very last moment, Pollyon thinks he's won. And then Bizarro Wellbe, like, you know, does our bidding, you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right or.
Tim Sackton: Learned that all of the duplicates seem to be teleported back somewhere
Tim Sackton: when they're about to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: And you don't. The only one you don't know what they're up to yet is rizwens duplicate.
Eric Rosenbaum: And seeker worth noting can also.
Eric Rosenbaum: in 12 h make such a duplicate, or very similar thing. If we want one of our own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Wait. So where ours? Where's Doppelganger, Doppelganger, Kenzo, and.
Tim Sackton: Well, they were the ones who started everything with the attack and charting, but you don't know where to get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're like, oh, they got hung, but then we're not sure.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they're totally weren't executed. I don't know where they are, but.
Tim Sackton: Haven't made an appearance in the world.
Mike Sackton: Since they were bake, executed.
Tim Sackton: But one can presume, or not truly executed.
Kate Sackton: Although.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the one.
Kate Sackton: Our friends about delpy dream, conversing with them.
Kate Sackton: and then.
Tim Sackton: When
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: Rizwan just resurrected
Tim Sackton: Maguul and Yota
Tim Sackton: with her dwarven magic.
Tim Sackton: and they have both described. Well, I'm about to say what Yota described. Ogle, the Orc was trapped in some prison, and then, like, wormed her soul out through some gap in the prison, and
Tim Sackton: felt something crack behind her, and then found herself in the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: and everybody's puzzled about what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Crazy. Okay. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smell, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very eventful session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very quickly. Let me see if this works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm on the I'm on. I'm on a rooftop in la, at a music video shoot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figure, this looks like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Kate Sackton: Tim, you gotta turn off the immersive view.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you got to turn off. Blur your background, Kong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I do that?
Mike Sackton: Just in zoom. You got to unblire your background.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Click on video and click on the blur my background check and uncheck it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, here we go! Here we go!
Eric Rosenbaum: And the mobile app, though, is probably.
Tim Sackton: It might be annoying in the mobile app.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. I think that works
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Does that work.
Mike Sackton: Take. Care. Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And there you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, taking a break right now. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're shoot. They're shooting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there are a bunch of dancers back there. Anyways. They're taking a little break right now, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Instagram boyfriend responsibilities right now. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you're you're docking. You'd like doing the behind the scenes photo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, I'm shooting. I'm shooting some Bts for this. But anyways, I'm gonna hang. And listen. That's okay. I'll just.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm at the off, but I'll I'll be. I'll be here. I'm gonna chat for a little, I guess.
Tim Sackton: That's awesome.
Tim Sackton: Cool, cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you were.
Kate Sackton: Have fun.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So back to Yota.
Tim Sackton: as she describes what she experienced
Tim Sackton: as she died a seeker's hand, she was lost without a guide, as I just said, and pulled. It felt like to some
Tim Sackton: strange place that
Tim Sackton: felt she described like she was
Tim Sackton: encased in something buried in stone, or something like that
Tim Sackton: she knew that this was not
Tim Sackton: the land of the dad she couldn't really see.
Tim Sackton: not really, but it felt like there were others around her other souls.
Tim Sackton: It felt like she was being trapped or crushed, even
Tim Sackton: lost and confused. And the only way out was this
Tim Sackton: crack of light.
Tim Sackton: But it
Tim Sackton: felt wrong. Somehow it felt
Tim Sackton: she doesn't quite know how to describe it, but
Tim Sackton: it felt like something that Tanji would shy away from, not like something they were drawn to.
Tim Sackton: and even though it was the only way through, and she seemed, she saw other souls like push through the crack and vanish, and as they did, it seemed to grow bigger and bigger in the light again, darker and stronger.
Tim Sackton: She held back.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't know, for
Tim Sackton: since she died, obviously so you would know it'd been 3 days
Tim Sackton: just waiting.
Tim Sackton: sure what to do, but not
Tim Sackton: certainly not wanting to
Tim Sackton: go into this light that the god shied from
Tim Sackton: and worried about the
Tim Sackton: crack growing bigger.
Kate Sackton: Oh dear!
Tim Sackton: And she was pulled back by Rizwan's magic.
Kate Sackton: We asked the Dinekai and Tanji if a Polyon is messing with the afterlife.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And.
Mike Sackton: Contact. Other points give you one question, or I forget.
Tim Sackton: I have questions
Tim Sackton: wins per day, and it's restarted.
Mike Sackton: As an aside.
Mike Sackton: or I think of my 5 questions. If we're gonna use the mirror for something, we better do it like right now cause we need to have a charge available when we get the next piece of jade.
Tim Sackton: That is a good point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's getting the next piece of jade in like 3 days, though, like.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's assuming you can just walk into the cave and take it, which seems rather unlikely.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it'll happen.
Tim Sackton: Stranger things have happened.
Tim Sackton: But yes, if you're gonna use the mirror for something other than Jane, I would do it today, for sure.
Kate Sackton: But where we are, we actually buried in a sort of like world ending a polyon sense about
Kate Sackton: anything, from the
Kate Sackton: weird power struggles between the sentient ocean and the plant of water people and the
Kate Sackton: myrrh guy
Kate Sackton: like all the, and you don't have.
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't necessarily use it on the.
Kate Sackton: Murder, license.
Mike Sackton: I'm just trying to think if there's anything that would be particularly worth using it on.
Mike Sackton: What about the dos.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about that?
Mike Sackton: Dust from seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trust you.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, what if that's made up of the crushed up souls of people
Kate Sackton: died recently?
Kate Sackton: Maybe we're killing people in the Green sea just to kill people because it helps a pole on somehow.
Mike Sackton: I think, mirror on the dust of seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the dust of seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: you hold up the dust to the mirror.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the 1st thing you see
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: almost fist
Tim Sackton: flying at your face
Tim Sackton: and a crunch.
Tim Sackton: and then you shift quickly backward.
Tim Sackton: Drifting as a cloud high in the sky.
Tim Sackton: waiting.
Tim Sackton: lingering above the play glands where you've been told to be.
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't actually know that. You just see that you're a cloud floating
Tim Sackton: high above the play glands.
Tim Sackton: and then shifting back
Tim Sackton: further
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: form. Now
Tim Sackton: not the secret clone standing
Tim Sackton: in front of
Tim Sackton: a polyon. So you're looking at a polyon's bat.
Tim Sackton: The front of the seeker clone.
Tim Sackton: Priyan seems to be sitting in meditation, almost his skeletal head, bare.
Tim Sackton: pale, strange echo of a cloud crown floating over his head.
Tim Sackton: a black crown made of some kind of matte, black iron, with 4 dark dark gems.
Tim Sackton: the same crown that you've seen on Fasto's head. But here, reflected in some sort of
Tim Sackton: pale
Tim Sackton: echo form.
Tim Sackton: and as you watch.
Tim Sackton: there seem to be tendrils
Tim Sackton: leaking out of the crown
Tim Sackton: and touching
Tim Sackton: the unformed creature, and you watch as it slowly turns into seeker.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: the partially formed body
Tim Sackton: lying in a coffin.
Tim Sackton: complete, but blank and unformed, not even in humanoid shape.
Tim Sackton: and a polyon standing over it, holding
Tim Sackton: a book.
Tim Sackton: reading from this book.
Tim Sackton: glancing as he turns to pages.
Tim Sackton: probably chanting something not in any language dealt with can recognize.
Tim Sackton: and this seems to go on for a very, very long time, like the mirror, shows the scene over and over again
Tim Sackton: like this is months of work.
Tim Sackton: and then slowly
Tim Sackton: back
Tim Sackton: to the stone of Apollon's prison.
Tim Sackton: You see in the mirror
Tim Sackton: the walls of this chamber that
Tim Sackton: that you saw and dealt with, scrying 5 coffins which you can't see now, just looking at the blank wall
Tim Sackton: of Drankorean marble.
Tim Sackton: the Polyons, and slowly chipping away
Tim Sackton: at the edge of the stone.
Tim Sackton: must have taken
Tim Sackton: decades to make enough dust for 5 people.
Tim Sackton: but not formed until much, much later.
Eric Rosenbaum: Preach.
Tim Sackton: Oops!
Eric Rosenbaum: He really has something against us. If he's willing to go to all that effort.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think he didn't know it was gonna be us until he
Mike Sackton: until recently, right? Like.
Mike Sackton: it's always yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hustled in trouble.
Mike Sackton: Create
Mike Sackton: 5 duplicates of whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So. Do you want to ask questions of your.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: have the tanchi been? I'll ask.
Mike Sackton: Have you been
Mike Sackton: unable to find
Mike Sackton: souls of the dead recently?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting!
Tim Sackton: Just once!
Mike Sackton: Was it Yotin sole you were unable to find.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: a.
Mike Sackton: Have you
Mike Sackton: successfully guided other souls through the land of the dead?
Mike Sackton: Recently.
Tim Sackton: Many, far from here.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: that might be the only questions I can think of right now.
Mike Sackton: is
Mike Sackton: Can you tell
Mike Sackton: if the
Mike Sackton: clone of deal with is using magic
Mike Sackton: like, when
Mike Sackton: do they have any way of knowing like when it's active.
Mike Sackton: is what I'm trying to say.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Can you tell when I'm using magic.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: That's 5.
Mike Sackton: It's a localized phenomenon. Does Yotah, the Yota school have any sense of how many souls were trapped with them
Mike Sackton: like? Did it feel like an uncounted, untold multitude, or like 6 or.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I go.
Tim Sackton: tried to break free very quickly and pass through this crack.
Tim Sackton: So doesn't really know.
Tim Sackton: As far as she knows she was just.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she's confused about the whole chronology. She's like she thought she was in Darx Prison right then. She was in the land of the dead right, not having reached Darx prison, and then she was back here right.
Tim Sackton: Yo does a bit more thoughtful about that.
Tim Sackton: wasn't
Tim Sackton: it? Wasn't a lot
Tim Sackton: more kept coming.
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: maybe a hundred
Tim Sackton: on that order, not untold millions, not 3.
Tim Sackton: When I 1st arrived.
Mike Sackton: well be. Do you have any way of finding out if something's going wrong with halfling souls and the
Mike Sackton: Navo C. How would we even figure that out?
Mike Sackton: Could it be that this is something only
Mike Sackton: mean? Somebody said this earlier. But maybe it's true.
Mike Sackton: The the point of wellbe is to kill people
Mike Sackton: like what's unique about these 2 people. They were killed by seeker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't know.
Mike Sackton: You ask your racial memory if it's gone wrong.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how that would work.
Mike Sackton: If there's something going missing from the halfling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, racial memory is the sort of quality of communing with
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all halflings.
Mike Sackton: Piece missing. Is there a way you could try and find out if there's a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there a way to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a way to discern that.
Tim Sackton: So in the past I've allowed your like.
Tim Sackton: Add A. D. 6, or whatever to the
Tim Sackton: an ability check.
Tim Sackton: Theoretically, it's supposed to be proficiency. Times per day I've allowed you to
Tim Sackton: use all of them, and just roll all the d. 6 s. To see if you can achieve some.
Tim Sackton: You know
Tim Sackton: uncanny knowledge about the halfling
Tim Sackton: mind
Tim Sackton: which seems appropriate here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. I'm gonna achieve some I can't acknowledge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so there's a straight roll. And then here's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so like
Tim Sackton: 28.
Tim Sackton: that's pretty uncanny.
Tim Sackton: possibly might be a
Tim Sackton: opportunity to toss a little inspiration your way.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Interrupted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Twice I take time.
Mike Sackton: Would guidance, help.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is a 38 good.
Tim Sackton: 38 is good. That's well into uncanny, uncanny territory
Tim Sackton: housing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Game, at.
Tim Sackton: Wrong.
Mike Sackton: No, yes, the answer is, Yes.
Tim Sackton: With
Tim Sackton: people who have.
Tim Sackton: There's been. There's been
Tim Sackton: your sense, you don't know exactly how many, but at least a couple, maybe as many as 4
Tim Sackton: ships that have been lost
Tim Sackton: at sea recently. No news has come back.
Tim Sackton: but of course everybody assumes that they're killed by the mad well-being.
Tim Sackton: and no memories of theirs have none of their stories have made it to the
Tim Sackton: this, you know, the halfling ancestral.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so great. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So it's been mentioned that nobody knows what the wristwin is up to.
Kate Sackton: But if I'm gonna contact the Baharazel, maybe I should ask them about
Kate Sackton: whether they're missing any contact with
Kate Sackton: deceased dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would the risen play be?
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't worry.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something terrible.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But risin's also gotta be like
Mike Sackton: what would risen. What would the fake risen even be worshiping?
Mike Sackton: That's what's a little frightening to me
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: where's fake? Rising, getting her divide magic?
Mike Sackton: It can't be good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no!
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Kate Sackton: I was sort of hoping fake, risen. Just didn't have any.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no, no! There's no chance whatsoever of that. You've met your husband right.
Kate Sackton: Super, bowl.
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice
Eric Rosenbaum: it's.
Kate Sackton: Just tantrips just.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, plus
Mike Sackton: it gave. I mean, in world, the polynom wouldn't be so silly is to waste this massive effort on a functionally useless
Mike Sackton: not the reason. It's entirely useless with that divide magic. But like
Mike Sackton: you wouldn't bother right like you'd you'd save it for something else, I think.
Mike Sackton: Given how much effort it took him to.
Kate Sackton: Hey? Maybe there isn't a recent double.
Mike Sackton: No one's.
Kate Sackton: Ridiculous.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: There were 5 conference.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn
Tim Sackton: receives a sending
Tim Sackton: from a friend of hers back in Thorn Toeder.
Mike Sackton: Why are you killing us all.
Tim Sackton: Doppelganger marched into Thorn totter today.
Tim Sackton: recruiting many to march south along the abandoned long road
Tim Sackton: into danger and death need help to stop. Please come.
Mike Sackton: Wait wait
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Mike Sackton: Rising is playing is good. Is that what I just understood.
Tim Sackton: Yup, of course, that's what's really.
Eric Rosenbaum: As well as.
Mike Sackton: Doing.
Mike Sackton: marching all the dwarves
Mike Sackton: out of Darntoder
Mike Sackton: that defeat a Polyon, or something otherwise amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): s.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't understand what's going on here.
Kate Sackton: Well are we going south to like
Kate Sackton: through the Yvanti Mountains towards.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: the benefit.
Kate Sackton: Way south towards the ocean, or towards the desert.
Tim Sackton: Towards the desert. So what you would, you would interpret this resin would know.
Tim Sackton: So the dwarves have these long roads. You you encountered one in in leading north from
Tim Sackton: from ravens, hold that lead for like hundreds of miles into the mountains.
Tim Sackton: Yvonne Mountains are new, right? They didn't really exist before the Great War. It's the dwarves carved a long road that leads from farm toater up to near Darba, and that's like a major trade route.
Tim Sackton: They also started carving one south
Tim Sackton: and got, you know, a good distance south of Thorntodrar.
Tim Sackton: you know, maybe 200 miles or so.
Tim Sackton: and then stopped
Tim Sackton: because they ran into something nobody quite knows what, because none of the dwarves who were carving it came back, but the decision was made to
Tim Sackton: collapse. The tunnel.
Kate Sackton: Cause. Don't go that way, cause it's dangerous.
Tim Sackton: Go that way because it's dangerous. And now Rizwan has shown up and saying.
Kate Sackton: Let's all go that way.
Tim Sackton: I'm Rizwyn. I brought the doors back from more Colin. I
Tim Sackton: saved the oryx of Uzbekar. I'm gonna reopen the lost passages south.
Tim Sackton: and everybody apparently believes her.
Tim Sackton: But of course, what it's actually gonna do is abandon everybody to their deaths.
Kate Sackton: Then there will be some souls this year.
Kate Sackton: Baharazal can't
Kate Sackton: contact
Kate Sackton: if they're not there already.
Tim Sackton: No Brisbane just showed up in thermodyter today.
Kate Sackton: Okay, like.
Tim Sackton: A few hours ago.
Tim Sackton: here.
Kate Sackton: So it's not a lot pause, but.
Mike Sackton: You could tell up where it's Atona right now.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Does Bris window teleport, or would see Craft to go with you.
Tim Sackton: Riswin knows where to recall, so she can teleport tooth, arm toda, I would assume. At this point she's managed to cast halo on the shrine of Barrazel, so she could also teleport to the shrine of Barrazel. But you can only cast place, teleport to places that are
Tim Sackton: for your God.
Kate Sackton: So I can go to the
Kate Sackton: less places of Thorn, toad, or less places on.
Tim Sackton: Been just on it.
Kate Sackton: Word of recall
Kate Sackton: maybe stop
Kate Sackton: hundreds of thousands of dwarves from dying.
Kate Sackton: since it's probably something a Polyan wants.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the tactical importance of those doors in that place?
Mike Sackton: It could be a soul harvest.
Mike Sackton: It's it's clearly the case that this
Mike Sackton: prison in the land of the dead is something that a Polyon is using our doppelgangers to fill up
Mike Sackton: what he does with it. That's unclear, but I don't think like I don't know. I might not know much, but giving a wick, a giant bubble of dead souls.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: But Liz.
Tim Sackton: What just said is that most of the souls were squeezing out through this crack
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: chipping away at the prison as they did.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's how he's breaking the goddamn prison. Of course.
Mike Sackton: that's how he's breaking out is by killing people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Kate Sackton: But all the souls in his virtual factory, and.
Mike Sackton: Correct. Yes, and they're escaping.
Mike Sackton: That's why that's why that's why dealt with. And yeah, okay, okay, so dealt with. And.
Kate Sackton: I was like I shouldn't do this. This would be bad.
Mike Sackton: Right
Kate Sackton: Is.
Kate Sackton: She's enlightened. Dennika-ish.
Mike Sackton: That's where the prison cracks. That's the whole
Mike Sackton: whole reason why the prison started cracking fast was because Dell, with Doppelganger and Kenzo Doppelganger went and killed a whole lot of people.
Mike Sackton: That's where it all started.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: But now he's gone on to bigger and better things.
Mike Sackton: right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just figured it out.
Kate Sackton: Will be double ginger, and just with double ginger.
Mike Sackton: So like well be the pirate, is definitely a step up from.
Mike Sackton: and and Brisbane, the leader of the dwarves, is even a step up from that right like you just march a whole bunch of dwarves off to the death. I don't know what seeker seeker seems to be punching below his weight here, but.
Tim Sackton: Well, there's a lot.
Mike Sackton: Kept.
Tim Sackton: People Capturing Bhandrasharna.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's true.
Tim Sackton: Crashing Vintosharna into Uzbekar would kill a lot of people.
Mike Sackton: That's a good point.
Mike Sackton: that is it.
Tim Sackton: A massive resource.
Mike Sackton: Good point.
Kate Sackton: Paul. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Interested.
Kate Sackton: Count on our crew being.
Tim Sackton: I have not ken on your crew.
Tim Sackton: You know nothing about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Assistant to the regional manager.
Kate Sackton: Alright! Right!
Mike Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Internal manager.
Kate Sackton: Before the countdown clock gets sped up. I think I'm gonna go. Stop those 4 several 100,000 dwarves who are following me into their certain death.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: But wait, seekers.
Tim Sackton: It makes a ton of sense for rising to leave. Now
Tim Sackton: it works out much better.
Eric Rosenbaum: This morning.
Tim Sackton: Now and then rejoin you after Colorado.
Mike Sackton: Right. I was wondering if that was the.
Mike Sackton: Goal, man.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: the the Meta. The the Meta point is, don't all go herring off to help Rizwan.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Time to split the party. There's 3 things to deal with.
Tim Sackton: You all can choose which of the 2 between Welby or the jade you wanna deal with and let Riz would deal with the 3rd thing by herself.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: She can teleport back to venture Sharon so she can meet up with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Both. She could try taking a
Eric Rosenbaum: remember to.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: she could take Catherine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Depends on her approach.
Eric Rosenbaum: Diplom diplomacy, or, anyway, that's up to risk.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that sounds
Mike Sackton: I I think we stick to the plan of heading for the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, be.
Mike Sackton: Jade.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, jade. I agree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cause that that's the urgency. Once we have the date, we can figure out how long the next step takes, and if we have tons of extra time we can
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): interrupt. Well, me, but presumably the jade is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not that many days.
Kate Sackton: Maybe I can get a big, dwarfish army to march on Darba and help defend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Create, similar, accurate.
Kate Sackton: They? Maybe they might have the dwarves.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's an interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take an order on it.
Mike Sackton: Except the other problem is
Mike Sackton: actually.
Mike Sackton: the more we fight the worse it is, cause everybody who dies
Mike Sackton: helps
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we need. We need to assassinate Welby Prime using a simulacrum Welby.
Eric Rosenbaum: that we arm and teleport in place.
Kate Sackton: That's.
Mike Sackton: That's a crazy idea. Just might work.
Tim Sackton: The problem is similar. Atoms have half the health person.
Tim Sackton: They start with half your math.
Eric Rosenbaum: With like potions, or we may.
Mike Sackton: Prairie hit points.
Tim Sackton: They can. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, like
Eric Rosenbaum: it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Could one of your own bow shots well, be
Eric Rosenbaum: like from a
Eric Rosenbaum: well positioned assess, and take you out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: You need, like probably 4 good shots to take. Well, be out.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's got a whole crew on his ship. How would this guy get close enough.
Tim Sackton: Well, if you're going for the jade, you don't have to solve the lobby problem.
Tim Sackton: I didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do that in parallel. That's what I was.
Tim Sackton: Right. Oh, you could send us some lack of in parallel. That's true.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Send me a lacram on Buck Beak. Who cares.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you just set wait! It takes 12 h to produce a simulacrum right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you just send one every goddamn day.
Tim Sackton: Cause. As soon as you create one, the other ones disappear.
Mike Sackton: It dies, cause it can't be by itself, but it hurts him some.
Tim Sackton: So like.
Mike Sackton: Make it enough for a while.
Tim Sackton: The lack of, and teleport are both 7th level spells. So
Tim Sackton: you wake up with with your 7th level spot you spend 12 h creating a Rackham.
Tim Sackton: You sleep the next morning you teleport it
Tim Sackton: that day. The next day you wake up, you make another one, so it's constant use of your 7th level slot, which isn't great if you face any danger, and you can only do one every other day, plus it costs $1,500 of rubies every time you make one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, which is you're gonna run out of. You've probably got 2 slacks worth of rubies in your cold. But there were no rubies left
Tim Sackton: in anywhere in the orchestra.
Mike Sackton: Rubies are, in short, supply.
Kate Sackton: I'll keep that on my shopping list while I'm in Thorncotter.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's probably plenty of rubies in Thorntor.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I still wonder if it's worth sending to some lock rooms one after the other after? Well, be, it's like it's not actually a crazy idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: How would we find out what happened?
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's no reason you can't script them. You just tell.
Mike Sackton: There you go.
Mike Sackton: tell it to fail and save.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, oh, yeah, that's funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? And I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm not even sure sending. Well, be against Wellbeing's the right play right.
Kate Sackton: Yes, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that was one.
Kate Sackton: So that will be.
Mike Sackton: It's then dealt with against Wellbe, or something.
Mike Sackton: or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo would say that Kenzo could be well-beed
Eric Rosenbaum: and well, me disagree, and the whole thing is.
Tim Sackton: So does have deflect arrows.
Mike Sackton: Deflect, arrow is.
Tim Sackton: Well, the only gets.
Mike Sackton: Attack.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The flag.
Mike Sackton: To era.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's.
Mike Sackton: Totally Ketzos.
Eric Rosenbaum: And cancer against 12.
Mike Sackton: Would deflect eras.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. It's countless me and still now he's gone.
Mike Sackton: Now he dropped off. That's I mean, I was thinking, if you burn South.
Eric Rosenbaum: So weird.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, techstep totally.
Mike Sackton: I am really not convinced. This is a bad idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: You create.
Mike Sackton: Hey? You created some lacram, Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: The only problem is, it's hard to know where to teleport the thing to
Mike Sackton: like. We can't really teleport it to
Mike Sackton: Wellbee, because we don't know where Wellbee is
Mike Sackton: right.
Kate Sackton: Right it has to be to a boat in the Green Sea, or something.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Hold on! Can I scry us? The mockram you just said I could.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Mike Sackton: How can I describe some whackram? Welby?
Tim Sackton: Can you try constructs?
Tim Sackton: It's you can right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't think there's any rule about as long as there's a creature.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it just the some. The if seeker creates a sub rack and well be that can
Tim Sackton: fail a save.
Mike Sackton: You know, but I'm still.
Tim Sackton: It's not.
Mike Sackton: Earlier.
Tim Sackton: You don't know the construct. Well, you still get the likeness or picture bonus.
Tim Sackton: because it looks the same right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But you don't get the.
Tim Sackton: You've not ever met the.
Mike Sackton: Construct. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Gets a plus 3 to hit save.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: Plus 5 from second hand.
Mike Sackton: Account is second hand, really, even though it's just some whack room.
Tim Sackton: You've never met. It's like you've never met the creature you're attempting to scry
Tim Sackton: now.
Tim Sackton: Wellbee does not have a great
Tim Sackton: I I sure as could look up. What Wellbee's wisdom save is, I don't think it's great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Plus 4
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oops.
Tim Sackton: So plus or plus.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, plus 3, actually.
Mike Sackton: Net out total at plus 3.
Tim Sackton: It's plus 3 from his
Tim Sackton: from his wisdom, MoD. And then an additional plus 3 from the. So it's plus 6. So there's
Tim Sackton: a decent chance that I mean, after all, 13.
Mike Sackton: Death.
Tim Sackton: That's better than even odds.
Tim Sackton: right? Because the met the plus one from the cloak of protection is not effective, does not count.
Mike Sackton: Okay, can I scry? First? st
Mike Sackton: I'm going to take some of the dust.
Mike Sackton: which I presume counts the body part.
Tim Sackton: Yep, and I mean.
Mike Sackton: Describe the existing seeker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay. So it gets.
Mike Sackton: Say, minus
Mike Sackton: 12
Mike Sackton: plus 5 minus 7 on its safe.
Mike Sackton: So the effective DC is 26.
Tim Sackton: You don't add up the connection modifiers. It's the strongest.
Mike Sackton: Oh, fair enough, fair enough! So it gets a minus.
Tim Sackton: Gets a minus 5, and that's save.
Mike Sackton: So it's effective. DC is 24.
Tim Sackton: Eric, what's seeker's wisdom save.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says, plus 0.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it cannot succeed.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what's what's it doing?
Tim Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume a polynom will potentially be able to see the sensor if it's in a polyon thing. But I don't care.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: dealt with casts.
Tim Sackton: Scry on the
Tim Sackton: seeker duplicate.
Tim Sackton: and you find yourself
Tim Sackton: looking down
Tim Sackton: like on.
Tim Sackton: I guess it's like a a.
Tim Sackton: It's like a
Tim Sackton: little camp or something.
Tim Sackton: on a marble dock.
Tim Sackton: you see.
Tim Sackton: surrounded by jungles like you're looking down at a scene of
Tim Sackton: 3 people.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Dell, with and Seeker
Tim Sackton: sitting around a campfire, just kind of staring off into space, watching the river.
Tim Sackton: sitting on a dock.
Mike Sackton: Dock, on a river or a dock on a ocean.
Tim Sackton: On a river.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Fancy arc like it's completely overgrown by jungle.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: at Frank.
Mike Sackton: Of course, is this, I mean, is this look like a drink, Orion? Doc?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: they seem to be watching the river.
Tim Sackton: and they don't seem to be doing anything. They're just kind of sitting there.
Tim Sackton: but there's but there's clearly been some effort, some
Tim Sackton: half-hearted effort to create the illusion of like a campsite.
Tim Sackton: But Dalwith is, you know, skilled enough to this is
Tim Sackton: you've quartermastered tons. Yeah, clearly, somebody who's
Tim Sackton: a knowledgeable quartermaster who's creating the illusion of a active site, but isn't actually like nobody's eating food. There's no to these.
Mike Sackton: Creatures like? Do they link? Do they move around? They like scratch their cheek, or they just like stone. Still, like.
Tim Sackton: Like? How long does cry last.
Mike Sackton: 10 min.
Tim Sackton: So, about halfway through, Kenzo stands up, and sort of looks like patrolling walks to the river.
Tim Sackton: walks out of your sight, but in the direction of the river
Tim Sackton: and doesn't come back for the rest of the sky. But the other 2 are just kind of sitting silently.
Tim Sackton: It's not completely like they're deactivated, but they seem to be
Tim Sackton: somehow
Tim Sackton: I don't know they're not. They're clearly not like they're not talking. They're not link occasionally, but they're just
Tim Sackton: almost mindless at this point.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So they're gonna be guarding the jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good to know.
Mike Sackton: Or something.
Mike Sackton: Wait
Mike Sackton: How close
Mike Sackton: to was there? There's just jungle in a dock. There was no other buildings.
Tim Sackton: So, because of the direction the scry sensors pointed, you weren't able to see what's behind
Tim Sackton: seeker. You're looking like out, but you get the feeling like this is not a.
Tim Sackton: This is like
Tim Sackton: a dock on a city right? There's like.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sense of buildings, all of that right
Tim Sackton: trees growing through them. Jung, you know, vines
Tim Sackton: right covering the
Tim Sackton: marble road. There's like a paved marble road that's broken up, that they're sitting
Tim Sackton: broken up by like vines and roots growing up.
Mike Sackton: If I try and describe myself.
Mike Sackton: am I considered familiar.
Tim Sackton: No cause. It's you're not scribe trying a construct.
Tim Sackton: But you were sitting directly next to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Don't know why that.
Tim Sackton: And so at seeker we're all in the same place.
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking.
Mike Sackton: facing the other direction, I might get a better view, but it's not, it's not worth it if
Mike Sackton: if there's not a bonus. I'll try Welby
Mike Sackton: with my other slide.
Tim Sackton: So that's a
Tim Sackton: Robbie's got a plus
Tim Sackton: 7, we said, plus 6. Well.
Mike Sackton: He has a plus 3 wisdom.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Minus 2, because you know what he looks like.
Mike Sackton: So that's a.
Tim Sackton: For secondhand.
Mike Sackton: That's so. It's he'd have a plus 5. So minus 2 plus 6 total. So Annette.
Tim Sackton: Well, be, roll wisdom, save.
Tim Sackton: and then add 2.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Swear that didn't get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled at 3 for the base role, so.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, be fails.
Mike Sackton: As well be up to.
Tim Sackton: So well be
Tim Sackton: is on a ship.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be.
Tim Sackton: He's currently so it's like mid afternoon right now. So
Tim Sackton: the the ship is sailing again with a strong wind behind it.
Tim Sackton: Welby is standing on the
Tim Sackton: the like. The the what do you call it? The deck that goes up in the bow
Tim Sackton: with a spyglass looking at the horizon.
Tim Sackton: and seems to be signaling back to
Tim Sackton: the crew! And you can see, there's this massive
Tim Sackton: like catapult-like contraption.
Tim Sackton: That's mounted on the deck of this ship.
Tim Sackton: and Bobby's gesturing and yelling, and you can see some of the crew are.
Tim Sackton: They've got this massive
Tim Sackton: like stone, like ball that's in the catapult.
Tim Sackton: but it doesn't seem to be like a stone. You don't. You can't really tell what it's made out of. But Whalby's like shouting as he watches the spyglass and pointing
Tim Sackton: signals with his hand. And this thing flies up, and about 10 people
Tim Sackton: shoot flaming arrows at it, and in midair it bursts. This massive ball launch from the catapult, bursts into flame.
Tim Sackton: and you watch as well be like stairs through the spyglass, like watching carefully the exact direction that it was aimed for. And
Tim Sackton: you can hear with scry right
Tim Sackton: you hear in the distance this crack.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: a like screams coming up from some ship that was apparently just hit by some giant flaming catapult.
Tim Sackton: and then Bobby turns like pumps his fist
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: gives a little smile, and, like, you know, eggs on his crew a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Puts on more sales to try and reach the
Tim Sackton: the destroyed ship. Now
Tim Sackton: you can see Welby has
Tim Sackton: So, looking looking down on him, he's wearing a like a black pirates hat.
Tim Sackton: He's got a he's got a clunk.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, yeah.
Tim Sackton: He's, you know. He's got his stuff.
Mike Sackton: It's got it. Yeah, okay,
Tim Sackton: He's changed his. He's changed his clothes from the from the normal. Well, but he's he doesn't
Tim Sackton: have any of his magic, obviously, so he doesn't have the grammar armor or anything.
Tim Sackton: And then he
Tim Sackton: climbs down from this Dac
Tim Sackton: like, congratulates a few people. You see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's basically all
Tim Sackton: humans. You don't see any halflings on the ship that he's talking to, and he's, you know. He's greeting people. He's like, you know.
Tim Sackton: good shot. He's congratulating the catapult crew.
Tim Sackton: encouraging, encouraging people
Tim Sackton: And then scampers up the the main mass to kind of get a better look at the scenes of carnage from the top.
Tim Sackton: and then the sky ends.
Tim Sackton: The ship is called Bobby. Name is Pirate Ship.
Tim Sackton: What would evil well be named as pirate Chip.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Schwartz. I'm looking at you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm I think it would be like the vengeance or or something.
Tim Sackton: So I was thinking like some
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: one word now. And right
Tim Sackton: the ship is the vengeance and it's got
Tim Sackton: it's not flying a normal skull. It's not flying like a skull and crossbones
Tim Sackton: pirate flag. It's flying.
Tim Sackton: What? Maybe a flaming arrow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's what's something
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dramatic?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I think it's like a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just blood red
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like red crossed with red. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: Blood red flag.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is a recognizable ship, right like now that you've tried it.
Tim Sackton: Think you could. Probably
Tim Sackton: you could describe this to people you've you could, you would recommend
Tim Sackton: bloody.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we.
Tim Sackton: Design of the Flag.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if the teleport misses by a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ken doesn't water. But he could swim right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Older.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Enzo, doesn't the simlacum doesn't.
Mike Sackton: We we could give this some whack on the cloak of the Manta E.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: The breathing water potion that we still have.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about that we wouldn't get it back, but you know
Eric Rosenbaum: it's 5 o'clock.
Tim Sackton: And Drake
Tim Sackton: Kenza might be sad to give up, but the breathing water potion who cares.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: group.
Mike Sackton: yeah, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All porting.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then the simulacrum, with a breathing water potion and a hand drill.
Mike Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ready. I can catch it.
Mike Sackton: Visibility. If you're teleporting
Mike Sackton: Kenzo
Mike Sackton: trying to teleport Kenza to the ship
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: that I could make Kenzo invisible before he teleports, then some rock from Kenzo is underwater
Mike Sackton: right? Punches way. I mean, breaking up. Ship isn't an attack.
Mike Sackton: is it?
Mike Sackton: It's kind of hole with the ship that doesn't like. So we set him with a saw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And be a.
Mike Sackton: I do the show.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't really matter if he's invisible. If he's underneath the hull of the ship, nobody's gonna see him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but then it's so.
Eric Rosenbaum: But after that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Surprise when the ship sits and simulacrum. Welby is in the lifeboat, and probably.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly. Then he comes up right. If the as the ship is sinking, Kenzo then tries to find still invisible and breathing water, tries to find where well, he's fleeing to, and then attacks him invisibly and tries to just.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we need.
Mike Sackton: Kid like.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to set this in motion tonight
Eric Rosenbaum: with as many buffs as possible, and then Tim will tell us all what actually happened
Eric Rosenbaum: next time. Yeah, we got.
Kate Sackton: Like a challenge, who has a more interesting side quest simulac from Kenzo or Brisbane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actual rising. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we should do like. I mean.
Mike Sackton: I really think it's a worthwhile use of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seem like similar acronym. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I really do right like there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's also these potions.
Kate Sackton: And a little hand screw, drill.
Mike Sackton: Load of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Function. A couple of key
Eric Rosenbaum: heroism is that the one.
Mike Sackton: That just gives you 10 hit points and blasts.
Mike Sackton: But we need. We need to buff this creature before we
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm saying. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right like I don't know what good buffs we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I was wondering about. The
Eric Rosenbaum: portion of heroism.
Kate Sackton: Making it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I guess even things that are temporary.
Kate Sackton: I guess maybe not. It's gonna take too long to make this turn thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you'll be gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're leaving. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: One question. I assume these constructs don't sleep, or at least we have no reason to think that they would sleep.
Tim Sackton: You have no reason to believe they would sleep. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Because it's so too bad they don't sleep, because otherwise I would just use dream every night to to
Mike Sackton: torment
Mike Sackton: Sneaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: 3 to 6 psychic damage every day until he died.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think it's gonna work, because.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: cause it doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Come back and also
Mike Sackton: Speaker's not gonna make it save
Mike Sackton: against by
Mike Sackton: DC 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Holly-ann
Eric Rosenbaum: can repair these things, though so.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it's not gonna work, cause they don't sleep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they don't know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they definitely. I mean, they're constructs. They don't sleep.
Tim Sackton: And if they're in Drake, I mean, there's a little bit of a question of how easily they can pass through a Polyon's prison, whether they can. I mean they must be able to at some level.
Tim Sackton: But if they're injuring, or the possibility of them being repaired, is.
Mike Sackton: Is higher.
Tim Sackton: Higher.
Tim Sackton: alright, alien.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suit
Eric Rosenbaum: teleport can be used to teleport somebody else only.
Eric Rosenbaum: and by yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: alright
Eric Rosenbaum: Simil Akrim. Kenzo doesn't even require consent from real Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We could then.
Tim Sackton: No way that real Kenza agreed to this quest.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Real cancer will be delighted by that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. No kidding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cause. It's it's. It's not at all clear that this succeeds like this is a.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a gamble you would.
Mike Sackton: Probably want to use your chance, weave or die to make the teleport succeed
Mike Sackton: cause. Otherwise you only got a 25% chance of it hitting target.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, no. I think we have to do that also.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: there's a real chance that if we load it up
Mike Sackton: like invisible Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: right with the water breathing potion.
Mike Sackton: how important with
Mike Sackton: the chance we ever dies that you can choose that it works
Mike Sackton: to be like
Mike Sackton: the area of you know, to be like right near the ship or on the ship.
Mike Sackton: It might be hard to be like the ocean by the ship, because the ship is presumably moving, but
Mike Sackton: if Kenz was invisible right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Then he can. Presumably his 1st action is to get off the ship
Mike Sackton: and swim underwater.
Mike Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amen!
Mike Sackton: Try and sink the ship underwater right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or from inside the show.
Mike Sackton: Or however, he wants to sync the ship honestly, right like, and then his second action is to try and mess up wellbe, but, like sinking. The ship is a pretty big win, even if Willby gets away
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: And I think with the
Mike Sackton: with a potion of water breathing.
Mike Sackton: can your sonacum. It can't regain hit points even with portions of healing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This would be another situation where a necklace of fireballs would really help.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Mike Sackton: You.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's exactly right. It's.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we can give them the potion of fire, breathing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is useful on a ship.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you could light some things on fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright so water, breathing fire, breathing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like water breathing, fire, breathing and visibility.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any buffs, Eric, that you can cast? Does seeker have any buffs that would make Kenzo better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think so?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Kong is asking, why can't we make one? That is a combo of all of us.
Mike Sackton: Credit.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's yeah. It's just not how it works.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: I think we. I think we do this. I think we I think we send
Mike Sackton: it's gonna take like 2 days to set this up anyway.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: I think we
Mike Sackton: we
Mike Sackton: yeah, it's use all the
Mike Sackton: stats except it's okay. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: it's at this stage
Tim Sackton: as you've been planning this. It's afternoon
Tim Sackton: on
Tim Sackton: on May 13.th
Tim Sackton: Thika, you do currently have your
Tim Sackton: 7th level slot right so you could start the slack. Em, now.
Mike Sackton: But yes.
Tim Sackton: It's like 4 in the afternoon. It's 12 h, so we'd go till
Tim Sackton: for night.
Tim Sackton: But I mean.
Mike Sackton: Lead.
Tim Sackton: During the day.
Mike Sackton: And then, as soon as you wake up, we send Kenzo for a day. Attack
Mike Sackton: 2 Pm. Or whatever.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: And meanwhile you're creeping ever closer to
Tim Sackton: the location of the last piece of jade.
Tim Sackton: So let me just see how far. So let's see, you left
Tim Sackton: the afternoon of the 12.th It's now the afternoon of the 13, th so you've gone 240 miles
Tim Sackton: by the time you send the some, Rackham, you'll have gone another 240 miles.
Tim Sackton: so you'll be something like a
Tim Sackton: day in three-quarters travel
Tim Sackton: really? Basically 2 days travel.
Tim Sackton: so you would have time. You would theoretically be able to do it once more if you wanted to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we need to.
Tim Sackton: See what happens.
Mike Sackton: See what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: And violence, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Try it the 1st time. I'm going to be careful to introduce myself to some lack of Mackenzo and take a small piece of his body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: Well, why
Tim Sackton: willing target anybody?
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's true. He just fell as safe. Yeah, yeah, he just fell safe.
Tim Sackton: Long as he's not dead.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: You'll you'll be able to watch. That's awesome.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: we don't
Mike Sackton: have any good way of
Mike Sackton: getting an update from like.
Mike Sackton: but I mean, if we're teleporting right to the ship, I can literally cast. Scry the moment
Mike Sackton: the teleport goes through.
Mike Sackton: and keep it up for the 1st 30 min that he's on the ship
Mike Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: So let me propose.
Tim Sackton: because I'd really I really think we should wait for Kong.
Mike Sackton: Yes, no, I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, definitely.
Tim Sackton: End a little bit early tonight. Yeah, and then we'll pick up the so Rizwan will. Rizwan will tell up rizwan
Tim Sackton: just to sort of summarize what happened. So may 13th
Tim Sackton: seeker. You grind up some of your rubies.
Tim Sackton: I don't. You probably don't care the ruby, so
Tim Sackton: you've got 3 rubies from shadow keep.
Tim Sackton: and 2 rubies from the elemental forge, that
Tim Sackton: elemental for ruby bigger.
Tim Sackton: So either both of the elemental 4 rubies, or all 3 of the shadow. Keep rubies would be enough for select them.
Tim Sackton: I assume you don't care what you use.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: I mean, probably the shadow keep ones just cause
Mike Sackton: they seem more
Mike Sackton: something.
Tim Sackton: Guys, you grind up those rubies.
Tim Sackton: Cal Rizman, as she leaves.
Tim Sackton: Now
Tim Sackton: Khan gets to hear the craziness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm here. I'm listening.
Mike Sackton: This plant is insane. We're sending fake Kenzo
Mike Sackton: after fake. Welby loaded up with all the magic buffs and other things we can think of to give him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sounds like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sounds like that. The clown, the the you know where they're chasing each other through like the you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but fake Hub is on a giant pirate ship. We're giving Fake Kenzo a
Mike Sackton: ocean of water breathing.
Mike Sackton: I'm porting him into the ocean. He's gonna swim underneath. Think the boat somehow.
Mike Sackton: And then once the boat has sunk, he's gonna find Kenzo and fight to the death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Might well be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But well be, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hi! Bob!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back to the.
Mike Sackton: And yeah.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna do. We're gonna do the the
Tim Sackton: scene of what happens at the beginning of next session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cannot wait. That sounds amazing. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's gonna be invisible.
Mike Sackton: Although he can deflect arrows. So if Welby dares shoot at him, he'll just send them back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's perfect.
Mike Sackton: Why we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo was the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know that makes perfect sense.
Mike Sackton: That was like the key ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks for reaching.
Eric Rosenbaum: And because of the historical rivalry between 2 of you, it's this opportunity for a death match that you would otherwise have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We would do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this is, this is pretty amazing. How long does the how do? How long does the simulacrome last.
Mike Sackton: Until it dies.
Tim Sackton: Forever. It doesn't really feel itself.
Mike Sackton: Regain hit, points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, orky.
Mike Sackton: Or a key. It can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get key now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is, is that the case with what a polyon's making, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or do we not.
Kate Sackton: Got there.
Tim Sackton: Your understanding is they is a poly on, has to recharge them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they can't just wrap.
Tim Sackton: But they get teleported back so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So then they can get recharged, and then they'll put it to where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but teleported to where.
Tim Sackton: Apparently drank or cause dealt with, scried on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
Mike Sackton: That was pride. Speaker.
Mike Sackton: and found Speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And zone, and.
Mike Sackton: With sitting around the docks of drankore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, man, that's awesome. That's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, much excite.
Mike Sackton: They're probably guarding the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, the lap!
Eric Rosenbaum: That is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Peace. Yeah. Oh, we have to fight ourselves to get the last piece.
Tim Sackton: Wow! That looks like a mute. It's like 300 miles. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: So true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is. But this is exactly the plot of every great video game. You know. It's like the the second, the last boss. You always have to fight yourself. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: either that or it's the last boss, because after you beat the boss and you think you're over, then you have to fight yourself. You know what I mean. So.
Mike Sackton: It'll be one of those. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sherekon yeah.
Mike Sackton: Really is. So anyway, we're looking forward to the Kenzie Kenza Wellby Showdown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, man, I can't wait. I can't wait
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: much. Excite.
Tim Sackton: So as so we're just, we're wrapping up. We're going to end a little bit early. But Risbon has also found out that
Tim Sackton: doppelganger Rizwan has gone back to the dwarven kingdom, and is recruiting a giant army not to fight, but to lead them to their deaths, because Riswin has such a strong reputation as a hero that she's like we can go defeat the evils that we locked away in a
Tim Sackton: buried chamber decades ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Tim Sackton: 8 is gonna go.
Tim Sackton: risman is gonna go deal with that while the rest of you search for the last jade and all that stuff, so we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Tim Sackton: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great great plot setup. Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Holy shit! This is really it's accelerating. It's all happening.
Mike Sackton: App.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn! Wait! Are we going to drink corn now? Is that what's happening there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're the jade is like 300 miles west of drink or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very exciting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. Well, I'll listen in for that for the last bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: to wrap up
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: and as seeker
Tim Sackton: uses the icicle turret to generate a bunch of ice and then
Tim Sackton: grinds it into
Tim Sackton: powder.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Tim Sackton: And shapes a snow version of Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: perhaps
Tim Sackton: not resisting the urge to take a few little snacks of ice, as he does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Won't need those later.
Tim Sackton: And then, and then, as the snow version of Kenzo is shaped, takes out this powdered ruby and sprinkles it over and begins to chant.
Tim Sackton: This is like 4 in the afternoon the rest of you drift off to sleep, keeping watch as fodder keeps the ship
Tim Sackton: moving steadily southwest towards following Kenzo's direction towards the location of the final piece of jade
Tim Sackton: seeker chance.
Tim Sackton: Well, Kenzo has to also be there. You have to be like touching the
Tim Sackton: person you're duplicating.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Kenzo meditates as seeker chance, and slowly the snow solidifies and hardens.
Tim Sackton: and you begin to see Kenzo's features take shape.
Tim Sackton: and by
Tim Sackton: the early morning pre dawn like 4 5 Am.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly the
Tim Sackton: pile of snow, like
Tim Sackton: snaps into place.
Tim Sackton: and an exact duplicate of Kenzo
Tim Sackton: stands up
Tim Sackton: and greets you
Tim Sackton: shakes Kenza's hand and looks at Seeker
Tim Sackton: like what is my mission?
Eric Rosenbaum: We are sending you
Eric Rosenbaum: to destroy
Eric Rosenbaum: an evil simulacrum
Eric Rosenbaum: of our friend Welby.
Eric Rosenbaum: He is a pirate
Eric Rosenbaum: on a ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: You will have a crew defending him, and your goal
Eric Rosenbaum: is to destroy well-being and sink the ship if possible.
Mike Sackton: Let's say it the other way around. Stink the ship and destroy Wellbe, if possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I actually disagree with that? Because I think if
Eric Rosenbaum: they're seafarers, ship sinks, they swim, they pick each other up. You might be right. Actually, it would just slow them down a little bit. It's not actually.
Mike Sackton: They lose their giant catapult of death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: The real weapon, I think, is wealthy, though
Eric Rosenbaum: at least.
Mike Sackton: You might be right. I I'm not. I'm not. I'm not wet.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's secret spouse, so he gets.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put them in that order. It's the top priority is taken out.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is like an assassination. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're giving you this position of water breathing, so that if you need to get off the ship in order to sink it from beneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: or for whatever other reason, you're up at the water
Eric Rosenbaum: and be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: are we giving him the fire, breathing potion? Yeah. Why not.
Mike Sackton: Sure? Why not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of fire breathing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 1 way to create chaos while you're
Eric Rosenbaum: in the in battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: and a
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! And Dell with here can also make you invisible.
Mike Sackton: And visibility.
Mike Sackton: so you'll be invisible until you fight while you know how visibility works.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: helps you when you land.
Mike Sackton: not be immediately in trouble.
Mike Sackton: just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Throw everything in it you can against wellbeing. That's your instinct, anyway. So.
Tim Sackton: Duplicate. Kenzo looks
Tim Sackton: intrigued at this possibility.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's arrows are no match for me.
Tim Sackton: but of course you have to wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean duplicate to be clear, duplicate. Well, these arrows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No magic against you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's clear.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: this whole thing really just comes down to
Eric Rosenbaum: a roll of the dice. We're giving this a try. We're putting our faith in you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Simulacrum Kenzo. We hope it can work, but we don't know what's going to happen, and seekers tossing a
Eric Rosenbaum: a strangely iridescent
Eric Rosenbaum: cuboid.
Tim Sackton: So so this is after you've after you've all rested
Tim Sackton: so that the teleport spell is active now. So it's like late afternoon on
Tim Sackton: may 14.
Tim Sackton: So at this point also, Riswin
Tim Sackton: says, goodbye, teleports away.
Tim Sackton: We'll see you in drink, or or wherever, because she can tell we're back to Vandercharda.
Tim Sackton: once
Tim Sackton: the Rizmin problem is dealt with.
Tim Sackton: which will conveniently take exactly as much time as it takes us to run. Whatever adventure we have between now, and when we return from them.
Tim Sackton: Colorado.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You do with a problem like Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: and then Kenzo is loaded up with all the Buffs invisible. Well, invisibility.
Tim Sackton: invisibility will end as soon as you isn't scrying. Concentration.
Mike Sackton: That's a good point.
Mike Sackton: Let me check. But I I might wait 15 min to see.
Tim Sackton: Right, give him a little invisibility before. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm pretty sure it is constant.
Tim Sackton: Consultation.
Tim Sackton: It's a ten-minute casting time, anyways, that you don't have. You can't do it immediately. He's invisible. He's got his potions.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: alright, can you just roll so I can see what the role would be if you hadn't used the chance. We werecise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: this is A. D. 100,
Eric Rosenbaum: 30, 34.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would have been a dramatic miss, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that would have been a dramatic mess. So you see.
Tim Sackton: he is seeker, casts teleport
Tim Sackton: 2
Tim Sackton: versions of reality
Tim Sackton: superimposed upon each other
Tim Sackton: for a brief moment. You see, 1st of all.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: sailing off to
Tim Sackton: some other ship, a pirate ship on the green sea.
Tim Sackton: and then that reality
Tim Sackton: decays quickly.
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo
Tim Sackton: vanishes in a flash.
Tim Sackton: appearing
Tim Sackton: by the chance weavers fade
Tim Sackton: on
Tim Sackton: the deck of Dread. Pirate Welby's ship, the Vengeance.
Tim Sackton: and that is where we'll end the session tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you
Eric Rosenbaum: guess that we would do anything like that?